
info, crack..
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/rage-skidrow
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/crack-only/rage-crack-only-skidrow


Rage (c) Bethesda Softworks

04-10-2011........Release Date - Protection...............Steam
FPS..................Game Type - Disk(s)..................3 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

RAGE is a groundbreaking first-person shooter set in the
not-too-distant future after an asteroid impacts Earth, leaving a
ravaged world behind. You emerge into this vast wasteland to discover
humanity working to rebuild itself against such forces as bandit gangs,
mutants, and the Authority - an oppressive government regime that has a
special interest in you in particular. Featuring intense first-person
shooter action, breakneck vehicle combat, an expansive world to explore
and jaw-dropping graphics powered by ids revolutionary id Tech 5
technology, RAGE promises an experience like no other.

Fearing a planet-wide extinction from a massive asteroid headed towards
Earth, world leaders are faced with the inexorable task of ensuring
human survival. Left with few alternatives, life-sustaining pods filled
with select people are buried deep beneath the earths surface. You are
one of the chosen members of these modern day arks and abruptly enter
the RAGE universe after surfacing alone. Leaving you to your own
devices to stay alive in a world filled with those who prefer you dead,
RAGE combines powerful storytelling with heart-pounding action.

Features:

Visceral 1st-person gunplay and exploration  Take on bandit gangs and
hordes of mutants using an arsenal of exotic weapons and special items,
such as Wingsticks, personal turrets, sentry bots, and
remote-controlled bomb cars.

Frenetic 3rd-person vehicular mayhem - Burn rubber across the wasteland
in your very own super buggy Upgrade and customize your car with
special parts, paint jobs and weapons, then test your skills as you
battle four-wheeling bandit clans and participate in deadly races.

An expansive experience - Beyond the first-person action and vehicle
combat, RAGE offers a world open to explore, with unique characters,
side quests, and a compelling storyline.

Graphics that have to be seen to be believed - Powered by id's
cutting-edge new id Tech 5 engine, new Megatexture technology brings
the vast wasteland to life in never-before- possible detail with action
running at an astounding 60 frames per second.

Three ways to play for non-stop action - Immerse yourself in a rich
single-player story, exclusive co-op modes, or intense on-line car
combat.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder on DVD 3, to the game
installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy

SCREENS
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-8E9A_4E8B733A.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-C73C_4E8B718D.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-CB32_4E8B718D.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-1FB6_4E8B718D.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-3C43_4E8B718D.html
  
http://www.freeimage.us/share-2F5C_4E8B718D.html		
