Artist:   The Horrors
Title:    Skying
Label:    XL
Genre:    Indie
Bitrate:  270kbit av.
Time:     00:53:52
Size:     109.38 mb
Rip Date: 2011-07-11
Str Date: 2011-07-11

01. Changing The Rain                                             4:31
02. You Said                                                      4:46
03. I Can See Through You                                         4:17
04. Endless Blue                                                  5:10
05. Dive In                                                       4:51
06. Still Life                                                    5:21
07. Wild Eyes                                                     4:04
08. Moving Further Away                                           8:34
09. Monica Gems                                                   4:28
10. Oceans Burning                                                7:50

Release Notes:

In his new book, Retromania, the critic Simon Reynolds revisits his
damning mid-80s coinage "record collection rock". Inspired by the
relentless forward march of post-punk, the young Reynolds was sceptical
of bands such as Primal Scream or Spacemen 3, who waved their
influences like a flag: "music," as he once defined it, "where the
listener's knowledge of prior rock music is integral to the full
aesthetic appreciation of the record." It's a nice concept, but one
that's in the eye of the beholder. If a band have a broad enough
spectrum of influences and adapt or combine them in clever, compelling
ways, then an audience not necessarily versed in those influences will
take them at face value. In the worst cases, a candidly celebrated
record collection feels like a cage; in the best it's a door.

When the Horrors emerged, in a cloud of dry ice, from Southend six
years ago, it was difficult to tell which way they were heading.
Looking like gravediggers and sounding like cratediggers, they were
passionately devoted to Joe Meek, the Birthday Party, the Cramps and
outrÃ© garage rock (they covered the Sonics and Screaming Lord Sutch),
and they didn't mind who knew it. With costumes, pseudonyms and artwork
to match the music, their 2007 debut album Strange House felt so
conceptually neat that it might have been an airlock. Add to that the
mixed blessing of music-press hype and you had a young band with
everything to prove.

That made 2009's Mercury-nominated Primary Colours a dream of a second
album. You could still hazard a strong guess at the records on the
quintet's shelves (they have a distinct, old-fashioned aroma of vinyl
rather than downloaded Zip files) but they struck you as less important
than the overall mood, which managed to be at once brooding and
euphoric. A similar confidence radiated from frontman Faris Badwan's
recent side-project, Cat's Eyes, a gothic girl-group song cycle that
sounded both recognisable and uncanny, like a familiar face glimpsed,
out of context, in a dream.

Primary Colours' chrysalis-to-butterfly transformation benefited from
low expectations, but after a few listens the self-produced Skying
feels like an equally impressive advance, one that announces the
Horrors' arrival as one of the best bands in the country. One marker of
their progress is that a couple of songs (including the single Still
Life) recall Simple Minds, and not the hip, frozen-veined, post-punk
Simple Minds of Empires and Dance either. Now, it's just about possible
that one member came in one day with a battered 7in of Don't You
(Forget About Me) and said, "Listen to this, it'll blow your minds,"
but it feels more like a fluke collision between Faris Badwan's
sonorous baritone, those symphonic 80s synthesisers that sound like
collapsing ice shelves, and the band's never-better grasp of how to
craft handsome, dramatic pop songs.

So the superficial echoes of the Chameleons, the Psychedelic Furs and
John Hughes's anglophile high-school movie soundtracks feel almost
accidental. The album's restless dynamism owes much more to the
escapist rush of dance music and the muscular end of shoegazing.
Endless Blue opens like the Cure lazing on a riverbank before an
amp-bursting explosion of guitars as sudden and effective as a
horror-movie twist. Wild Eyed melts woozily into reversed loops and
chirpy brass. The magnificent trance-rock centerpiece Moving Further
Away even explores some of the same territory as the Chemical Brothers
or LCD Soundsystem. During its long, dizzying breakdown, synthesisers
duel with a sample of a flock of seagulls (not, let's be perfectly
clear, A Flock of Seagulls), before the band crash back in for a
hammering finale. The music sounds vast, yet interior, as if its ideal
venue weren't an arena or a festival field, but an expanding head.

Skying's starry-eyed, cosmic leanings are complicated by Badwan's
slippery, sepulchral presence. He's the skull at the happening. When
he's not singing about skies and oceans, or delivering ecstatic
commands to "open your eyes" (Changing the Rain) or declaring "the
moment that you want is coming if you give it time" (Still Life), he
can sound paranoid and vengeful. I Can See Through You routes the
emotional cruelty of the Cat's Eyes album via a bad acid trip,
taunting: "No one remembers your name, no one tries." He sounds almost
deranged on Monica Gems, an itchy, urgent racket that suggests
glam-rock produced by Kevin Shields.

Such shorthand descriptions are hard to avoid entirely, and music buffs
might still want to play spot the influence with Skying â€“ one reviewer
detected seven in the opening song alone â€“ but that would undersell
this marvellous record, which should be every bit as exciting to a
listener who knows none of those reference points. So never mind the
past: the records the Horrors love aren't destinations, but signposts
to an exhilarating future.
