- 
http://www.Speed.Cd                            and don't forget to visit  Us  

signup is open now


Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

 ............ NFO .............
-Nan.Up.S01E05.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 15.11.2011

"Acceptance"

As a rite of passage, Will decides to 
buy his son, Nathan, a cell phone, 
which in turn gives Brenda the idea to 
also purchase one for Grant to upgrade 
his old brick phone. Kenny is nervous 
about meeting his new girlfriend 
Jane's parents, and as expected, when 
he finds out her parents are lesbians 
and also therapists, the situation 
goes from bad to worse. Her parents 
also own a coffee shop and end up 
giving Craig a music gig there, only 
to see the nice gesture backfire when 
he gets the wrong idea about the 
coffeehouse manager. Meanwhile, 
Theresa installs a tracking device on 
Will's cell phone, which he fears 
will lead to her finding out about 
the secret Dad's club he sometimes 
attends after work. 

18/Slower
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com