  Fast.Mailer.Pro.v6.6           
                                           
                                           
  Cracker ........: ARN                    
  Packer .........: ARN                    
                                           
  Protection .....: Other                  
  Crack Type .....: Incl.Keymaker          
  Release Date ...: 22.10.2011             
  Release Size ...: 1x 4.89 mb             
                                           
  Release Type ...: Application            
  Operating Sys ..: WinAll                 



R E L E A S E   N O T E S

Fast Mailer Pro is a fast                
subscription-based mass mailer used by   
many Internet professionals and online   
store owners, to notify their customers  
about various events and send requested  
newsletters. This program lets you create
and manage subscription-based mailing    
lists, and send personalized email       
messages utilizing message templates. You
can easily define messages and insert    
macro substitution patterns, to be       
replaced by information from the customer
database, for each recipient, just before
dispatching. You can use all the standard
message formats like plain text, HTML or 
even create a rich content message in the
Microsoft Outlook Express and export it  
into the program. Fast Mailer Pro is     
easy-to-configure and lets you import an 
email mailing list of your existing      
subscribers along with all data fields   
into the internal database quickly and   
easily. It lets you do filter-based      
manipulations on your email list, search 
for duplicate emails and enable or       
disable individual subscribers. The      
program also has a subscription          
confirmation feature you can use to      
confirm that your sending is really      
solicited.                               
                                         
