_______ paraZite_Virtual_Training_Camp_2011-pZ/ . Fri May 20 14:18:20 EEST 2011

          Ãœ                                     ÃœÃœÃœÃœÃœ                      [pZ]
       ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœ                              Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›          ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœ
       Ã›Ã›ÃŸ     ÃŸÃ›Ã›  ÃœÃœ         ÃœÃœ           ÃœÃœÃœ ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›     ÃœÃ›Ãœ Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸ ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›
        Ã›      Ã›Ã›ÃŸ Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›  ÃœÃœÃœ ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ   ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã› Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ    ÃœÃ›Ã›ÃŸÃœÃ›ÃŸ      ÃœÃ›ÃŸ
        Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœÃ›ÃŸÃŸÃœÃœÃœÃœ ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ãœ ÃŸ  ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ãœ ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ   Ã›ÃŸ ÃœÃœ ÃœÃ›ÃœÃœÃœÃœÃ›ÃŸÃŸ Ã›Ã›Ãœ  ÃœÃœÃœÃ›ÃŸÃŸ
        ÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃœÃ›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›  Ã›Ã›   Ã›Ã›Ãœ   ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›     ÃœÃ›ÃŸ Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ãœ    ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸ
         Ã›Ã› Ã›Ã›Ã›  ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã› Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ ÃœÃ›ÃŸ   Ã›Ã›   Ã›ÃŸ   ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ãœ    Ã›Ã›Ãœ    ÃœÃ›ÃŸ
         Ã›Ã›Ã› ÃŸ  Ã›ÃŸ  Ã›Ã› ÃŸÃ›Ã›  ÃŸÃ› Ã›Ã›     Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã›  ÃœÃœÃœ Ã›Ã›Ã›     ÃŸÃ›Ã› ÃœÃ›Ã›ÃŸ
         ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã› Ã›Ã›     Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœÃ›Ã› Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ  Ã›Ã›Ã›      Ã›Ã› ÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœÃœÃœÃ›Ã›
          ÃŸÃŸÃŸ    ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›      ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸ ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸ    Ã›Ã›Ã›      ÃŸÃŸÃŸ  ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                     ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ           ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ        ÃŸÃŸ
                                    ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ                     .ORG / .NET / .FI

             VOM CHARTER OF IRREGULÃ„R WELTFRIEDENARBEITER MACHT FREI

                               ooo1995 ... ooo2011

                      North Atlantic Terrorist Organization
                 Organisation du terrorisme de l'Atlantique Nord

   VIRTUAL "TERRORIST", "CRIMINAL", "INSANE" AND "IGNORANT" TRAINING CAMP...
 
                    ...FOR THE PREPARATION OF HIGH TREASON.

             "In peace prepare for war, in war prepare for peace. 

              The art of war is of vital importance to the state.
        It is a matter of life and death, a road to safety or to ruin.
               Hence under no circumstances can it be neglected."

                                                     -Sun Tzu
_______________________________________________________________________________

"What we have found in Afghanistan confirms that, far from ending there, our
war against terror is only beginning... tens of thousands of trained terrorists
are still at large. These enemies view the entire world as a battlefield, and
we must pursue them wherever they are. So long as training camps operate, so
long as nations harbor terrorists, freedom is at risk. And America and our
allies must not, and will not, allow it....Our military has put the terror
training camps of Afghanistan out of business, yet camps still exist in at
least a dozen countries. A terrorist underworld - including groups like Hamas,
Hezbollah, Islamic Jihad, Jaish-i-Mohammed - operates in remote jungles and
deserts, and hides in the centers of large cities....

But some governments will be timid in the face of terror. And make no mistake
about it: If they do not act, America will."

-Scott "VV" McCoy, Address Before a Joint Session of the Congress on the State
of the Union, January 29, 2002
_______________________________________________________________________________

         THE BUSINESS IS ALL ABOUT PUTTING BAD BUSINESS OUT OF BUSINESS
      BUT ALSO TO NEGOTIATE AND DELAY PUTTING BAD BUSINESS OUT OF BUSINESS
           IN ORDER TO DO VENTURE BUSINESS AT THE BUSINESS OF PUTTING
           BAD BUSINESS OUT OF BUSINESS OR TO BE PUT OUT OF BUSINESS.
_______________________________________________________________________________

                          Fri Sep 11 08:46:40 EDT 2010

                              ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                            ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                           ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                               Ãœ         ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                             ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ãœ     ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                           ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                          ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                            ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                              ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                                ÃŸÃ›ÃŸ


          * * * AFTER 9 YEARS, STILL IN BUSINESS : 24/7/365,25 * * *

     * * * THERE IS NO BUSINESS LIKE VIRTUAL TRAINING CAMP BUSINESS * * *
                   * * * ANY PUBLICITY IS GOOD PUBLICITY * * *

    * * * WORLD VIRTUAL TRAINING TOUR, IN THE CENTERS OF LARGE CITIES * * *

                                P R E S E N T S

                    paraZite_Virtual_Training_Camp_2011-pZ/
  http://pak1.parazite.org/ http://pak2.parazite.org/ http://pak3.parazite.org/

                          http://torrent.parazite.net/

   !pZ @ irc://irc.ircnet.com/paraZite.org irc://irc.efnet.info/paraZite.org
_______________________________________________________________________________

"Data itself isn't good nor bad, data just represents the surrounding reality.
The more data we may access, the more accurate model we may create of the
reality, thereby also define our actions in ways that are maximally beneficial
to our aims. The net must not be restricted by moral, ethical nor legal issues
prevailing in different world locations, data must flow freely."

-chip/Chip's parazite, dec'95, http://1997.parazite.org/

"I am not sure, if an individual has obligation to obey the laws of any
society, but I am certain the individual has no obligation to obey the laws of
a society, which forces existence of the individual."

-pZ/paraZite.org, November 2001 

"CAFFEINE - all ages
CANNABIS, SHROOMS, XTC - only for 12 year olds and over
ALCOHOL, NICOTINE, COCAINE, SPEED, LSD, GHB - only for 14 year olds and over
HEROIN, CRACK, METH - only for 16 year olds and over
PCP - only for narcs"

-pZ/paraZite.org, 2007?
_______________________________________________________________________________

"Democracy is nothing but the Tyranny of Majorities, the most abominable
tyranny of all, for it is not based on the authority of a religion, not upon
the nobility of a race, not on the merits of talents and of riches. It merely
rests upon numbers and hides behind the name of the people."

-Proudhon, Demokratie und Republik, S. 10.

"Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains
and slavery? ... I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me
liberty or give me death!"

-Patrick Henry, 1775
_______________________________________________________________________________

   HELSINKI, FINLAND, FRIDAY, AUGUST 23TH, 1996, ~09:00 ... THE WAKE UP ...

   ÃœÃœ       ÃœÃœ   Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›      ÃœÃœ   Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›     ÃœÃœ Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›  [SW]
   Ã›Ã›     Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃ›Ã› Ã›  Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã›  Ã›    Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã› Ã›  ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›     Ã›Ã› Ã›  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›  ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›
   ÃŸÃŸÃœÃœÃœ  Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã› Ã›  Ã›Ã›  Ã›Ã›  ÃŸÃŸÃœÃœÃ›    ÃŸÃŸÃœÃœÃŸÃŸ Ã›  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›     Ã›Ã› Ã›ÃœÃœÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃœÃœÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›
                 ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ           ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ        ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ
                  +358.0.5032442 Ã¾ 24h Ã¾ ZyXEL 19.200 Ã¾ 750mb

URL: http://parazite.fi/jpeg.txt

DA NEWS:

Finland  Police seized child pornography at  the Helsinki home of a 19 year-old
student.

On  August 28, 1996  in helsinki - Finland the  police seized two computers and
nearly  350 floppy disks  at the house of a  19 year-old student.  The material
showed sadistic acts involving Caucasian and Asian children, including torture,
mutilation, and cannibalism. Police specialist Kaj Malmberg stated that:

"These pictures of adults having sex with children are really hard pornography.
This  is exceptionally  severe hard pornography  involving very severe abuse of
children".
_______________________________________________________________________________

                          MODERN DE FACTO NOBLES...

               EDUCATION < HEALTH < JUSTICE < SECURITY < PEACE
 
  ...SERVING THE STATE, COWHOUSING THE CHATTEL CITIZENS WITH STATE SUBSIDIES.
_______________________________________________________________________________

URL: http://parazite.fi/violence_and_free_speech_aclu_article.txt

Q: Is there a right to speech that advocates illegal acts or violence?

A: (My response is based on U.S. law. It is a summary of the ACLU's Bill of
Rights Briefing Paper #10: Freedom of Expression.)

In  1919 the  Court said no.  Indeed, it  said  that  any  speech  that  had  a
'tendency' to cause a volation of the law could be punished. This principle was
used to convict a Socialist for mailing antiwar leaflets.

In  1925 the Court established stronger speech protections, stating that speech
could  not be  punished unless  it presented  'a clear  a present  danger'   of
imminent  harm.  In  1931, this  was  used  to overturn a conviction based on a
California  law.  That  law make it  illegal to publically salute a red flag --
the symbol of (violent) revolution.

In  1950's during the second  Red Scare, the Court  backtracked saying that the
clear-and-present-danger  principle  did  not apply to  speakers  who advocated
overthorwing  the  government,  no matter  how remote  the danger  of  such  an
occurrence might be.  (This  paved  the way for  jailing policitial  activists,
loyalty oaths, etc).

In  the 1969 case  of Brandenberg  v. Ohio, the  Supreme Court  struck down the
conviction  of a Ku Klux  Klan member  under a  criminal  syndicalism  law  and
established a new standard: Speech  may not be suppressed or punished unless it
is intended  to produce 'imminent  lawless action' and it is 'likely to produce
such  action.'  Otherwise,  the First  Amendment  protects  even  speech   that
advocates violence. The Brandenberg test is the law today.

Here's what  Alan Dershowitz writes about  the distinction between advocacy and
incitement (_The Best Defence_ p. 222):

"Advocacy  is the communication  of ideas; it  is directed  at  intellect;   it
affords the listener an opportunity to reflect on it.  Incitement, on the other
hand,  ...  is a spur  to automatic  action, intended  to bypass  the  rational
thought processes.  It  is  against  this oversimplified  background  that  the
classic  case of  shouting fire  in a crowded  theater can  best be understood.
Shouting  the word "fire"  is not the  communication  of an  idea designed  for
reflective  thought;  it is  precisely  the  same  as if  a  fire  *bell*  were
intentionally rung. It is intended to spur an automatic series of responses."
_______________________________________________________________________________

                                     Ãœ
                                    ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃœ
                                  Ãœ    ÃŸ
                         Ã›       Ã›   ÃŸÃŸ Ã› Ãœ  ÃœÃœÃœ
                                Ã›Ã› ÃœÃ›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ãœ ÃœÃœÃ›ÃœÃœÃ›Ãœ
                            Ãœ   Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                       ÃœÃ›ÃŸÃ› ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                     ÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃœÃ›ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ
                        ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœ
                   Ã›ÃœÃŸÃœÃ›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœ
                   Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                 Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›  ÃŸ
         ÃŸÃœ    ÃŸÃ›Ã› ÃœÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›      Ã› ÃœÃœÃŸÃœÃœÃŸÃœ
            Ãœ   ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ          ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃ›ÃŸÃ›Ãœ
            Ã›  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ      ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃŸ           ÃœÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃ›
        Ãœ Ã› Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ                            ÃŸ Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã› Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸ
           Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ                               ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
          Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ                                   ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ  Ã›ÃŸ
          ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸ                                    ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃœÃ›
     Ãœ  Ãœ  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ               Ãœ Ãœ            ÃœÃ›ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
           Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›          ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ       Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃ›ÃŸÃŸ
          Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ         ÃŸ ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›     ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃŸ
            ÃŸ ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›         ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ     ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›  Ãœ
           ÃŸ   ÃŸÃ›Ã›         Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›        Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã› Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                Ã›                  ÃŸÃ›           ÃŸÃ›ÃŸ Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃŸ ÃŸ
               Ã›Ãœ                                              Ã›Ã›Ã›
          ÃŸ Ã›ÃœÃ›Ã›                                ÃŸÃœ             Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
             ÃŸÃ›                                  Ã›Ãœ            Ã›ÃŸ
                                                 ÃŸÃŸ           ÃŸÃ›
                                         ÃœÃœÃœ  ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›         Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
              ÃœÃœÃœÃœ                      ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›        ÃŸÃ›Ã›
               ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›                         ÃŸÃ›ÃŸÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›       ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›
                ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ãœ                             ÃŸÃŸÃœ    ÃœÃŸÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›
                  Ã›Ã›                        ÃœÃœÃœÃ›Ã›ÃœÃ›ÃœÃ›ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                  ÃŸÃ›Ã›                ÃœÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                   Ã›Ã›Ã›              ÃŸÃŸ         ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                  ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›                     Ã›ÃŸÃ›Ã› Ã›ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›                     ÃŸÃŸÃŸ ÃŸ Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ                           Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                  Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›                           Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                   ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ                        Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ
                   Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ       Ãœ          ÃœÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                 ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ãœ     ÃŸÃœÃŸÃ›Ã›ÃœÃ›ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                 Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›ÃœÃœ  ÃŸÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›
                ÃœÃ›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›Ã›

                      V O L T A I R I N E D E C L E Y R E

            N O V E M B E R 1 7 . 1 8 6 6 - J U N E 2 0 . 1 9 1 2

"Anarchism says, Make no laws whatever concerning speech, and speech will be 
free; so soon as you make a declaration on paper that speech shall be free, you 
will have a hundred lawyers proving that "freedom does not mean abuse, nor 
liberty license"; and they will define and define freedom out of existence. Let 
the guarantee of free speech be in every man's determination to use it, and we 
shall have no need of paper declarations. On the other hand, so long as the 
people do not care to exercise their freedom, those who wish to tyrannize will 
do so; for tyrants are active and ardent, and will devote themselves in the
name  of any number of gods, religious and otherwise, to put shackles upon
sleeping men."

-"Anarchism & American Traditions", 1909
_______________________________________________________________________________

    * * * P A R A Z I T E . F I * 1 1 i N 5  J U R i S D i C T i O N $ * * *
  http://www.freewebtown.com/pzorg/pzorg/
  http://pz2000.netfirms.com/   
  http://kaosroolz.0catch.com/files.parazite.org/

                         
  http://kpynyvym6xqi7wz2.tor2web.com/     http://parazite.h1.ru/        ÃœÃœÃœ ÃœÃœÃœ
                                                                          Ã›Ã›  Ã›
   http://parazite.nn.fi/ http://parazite.pp.fi/ http://parazite.fi/     Ã›Ã›   Ã›
                                                                         Ã›   Ã›Ã›
      http://qx7j2selmom4ioxf.tor2web.com/ http://loinen.i2p.to/         Ã›  Ã›Ã›ÃŸ
                                                                         Ã› Ã›Ã›
_____________________________________________________________ [pZvtc11]  Ã› Ã›ÃœÃœ

+++ATH0