- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-House.S08E10.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 30.01.2012

"Runaways"

The team treats an underage and 
homeless female patient, but when her 
symptoms worsen and call for an 
invasive surgery requiring adult 
consent, House and Adams argue over 
whether they should contact social 
services. The patient confesses that 
she ran away from home after 
struggling to take care of her 
mother, a recovering drug addict. But 
when her mother appears at her 
bedside, a more complicated 
relationship is revealed and the 
patient's mother must put the past 
aside and make the best decision for 
her daughter. Meanwhile, Taub has a 
difficult time connecting with his 
infant daughters and House threatens 
to exploit Foreman's relationship 
with a married woman.

18/Slower
Evolve...or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com