90210.S03E12.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 24.01.2011

"Liars"

Naomi (AnnaLynne McCord) is taken hostage 
in her own home by an out-of-control Mr. 
Cannon (guest star Hal Ozen) who also 
lures Silver (Jessica Stroup) into the 
situation. Annie (Shenae Grimes) and 
Dixon's (Tristan Wilds) cousin Emily 
(guest star Abbie Cobb, "Jonas") from 
Kansas comes to town for an extended 
visit, but Emily immediately gets on 
Annie's nerves. Dixon confronts Teddy 
(Trevor Donovan) about his kiss with Ian 
(guest star Kyle Riabko) and promises to 
keep his secret. During surf practice, 
Ivy (Gillian Zinser) takes a nasty spill 
that makes her question her ability to 
compete in the surf competition. 
Adrianna's (Jessica Lowndes) world 
continues to crumble when she appears on 
a talk show to tell her side of the 
story, and she is blindsided by a 
surprise guest. Given Adrianna's 
disastrous situation, Navid (Michael 
Steger) and Silver continue to keep 
their hook-ups a secret.

Enjoy :)