      _  _                   __  .__                      
   __| || |__ _____    _____/  |_|__| ______ ____   ____        #anonymous
   \   __   / \__  \  /    \   __\  |/  ___// __ \_/ ___\       #anarchists
    |  ||  |   / __ \|   |  \  | |  |\___ \\  ___/\  \___       #antisec
   /_  ~~  _\ (____  /___|  /__| |__/____ \ \___ \ \___  |      #lulzsec
     |_||_|        \/     \/             \/     \/     \/       #chingalamigra
     
/*******************************************************************************
**## CHINGA LA MIGRA COMMUNIQUE 3 ** 7/01/2011 ** FRATERNAL OWNAGE OF POLICE ***
*******************************************************************************/
            
defaced domains: azfop.com, azfop78.com, azfop5.com, tucsonfop.com, mesafop.com,
                 azfop32.com, azfop50.com, and azfop58.com

For the third knockout blow against Arizona law enforcement, we decided to get destructive. We're defacing eight AZ Fraternal Order of Police websites and releasing a master list of over 1200 officer's usernames, passwords, and email addresses. Additionally we are leaking hundreds of private FOP documents and several more mail spools belonging to FOP presidents, vice presidents, secretaries, a police chief, and the FOP Labor Council executive directory and webmaster whose insecure web development skills was responsible for this whole mess. We're doing this not only because we are opposed to SB1070 and the racist Arizona police state, but because we want a world free from police, prisons and politicians altogether.

In this batch of emails we found more racist email chain emails, including 
Springerville's police chief Mike Nuttal forwarding jokes about torturing 
"ragheads". FOP president Brandon L Musgrave was also forwarding anti-muslim 
emails while also purchasing large amounts of guns, so we're dumping his paypal 
and credit card information as well. Other drama includes internal arguments 
over FOP positions, disputes over arrested FOP member Michelle Preiss, lots of 
crude anti-Obama jokes, and lots lots more. Amusingly we also were reading 
James Mann's emails as they were discussing the AZDPS hacks and struggling to 
send out press releases explaining why they had a sex offender in their FOP 
ranks. Initially James changed all his passwords and pulled the AZFOP sites 
down out of fear of impending hacker attacks, but there is no stopping the kind 
of chaos we bring upon all those who cross our path.

Truth be told we've been passing around this password list amongst our black 
hat comrades for a while now. Much to our amusement we've been reading 
everybody's emails looking for dirt and personal info, while leaking bits and 
pieces to expose and instill fear into the crooked cops of Arizona. However the 
list proved to be too great, and now we are seeking community assistance in 
going through everybody's inbox to retrieve and expose their secrets. Go forth 
and bring mayhem to the lives of these corrupt officers, and tell us what you 
find on irc.anonops.li #antisec. 

Let this third and crushing blow against Arizona police send a strong message 
to the ruling class around the world. You will no longer be able to operate 
your campaign of terror against immigrants and working people in secrecy: we 
will find you, expose you, and knock you off the internet. Many lulz have been 
had while we purposefully strung you along slowly and painfully for the past 
two weeks. We know exactly what we're doing, so think twice before considering 
crossing us.

Hackers of the world, join us as we resist against the governments and 
corporations of the world, for there is enough bounty for everybody aboard the 
good ship #antisec.


