 http://www.dvdmadhouse.com/x09236wtm/Hide_and_Seek_Cover.jpg

Hide And Seek - 1983

A single episode of the Canadian TV series "For The Record"
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0256073/

The credits at the IMDB used to say it was made in 1976 or
1977 but that was for the parent series, For The Record. 
Now the IMDB says 1984 but the credits at the end of the
actual film say 1983.

It's based on Thomas J. Ryan's "The Adolescence of P-1" but
it's a very loose interpretation.  The novel involves
nuclear weapons and underground bunkers, whereas the film
involves a nuclear power plant and a high school classroom. 
And a teen hangout pizza shop.  Well, at least they got most
of the names right!

There's a lot of talk about how this film and its parent
book are the earliest "Machine outthinks its maker" concept
but that's not true... that happened as far back as the
original Star Trek series and some early Asimov novels, and
a lot of other places.  It's not an original idea in print
or on film.

But don't get me wrong... I don't dislike this little gem!
It's klunky, but I love it for the stereotypes and
nostalgia, not to mention the rooms full of shiny new
Commodore 64 and PET computers.

I'm setting up a torrent for this because I saw someone
start one of an avi recently and the quality, based on his
screen caps, is a lot lower than it is here, and I mean both
the compression and the original source video quality.  This
is a recording of a pristine factory VHS done with a studio
quality DVD recorder.  The quality is excellent.  Three
screen caps are included in the torrent.

This is a standard DVD with a main menu and a chapter
selection menu.  I hope you enjoy it.

Funnybook

