. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.90210.S03E11.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 06.12.2010

"Holiday Madness"

Adrianna (Jessica Lowndes) rents a mansion 
and decides to throw a housewarming party 
complete with an ice skating rink and 
elves. All is great in Adrianna's world 
until Victor (guest star Nestor Serrano) 
decides to reveal Adrianna's secrets to 
the media. Annie (Shenae Grimes) decides 
to skip the party so she can take care of 
Liam (Matt Lanter), which leads to the 
two of them rekindling their old romance 
in Dixon's (Tristan Wilds) bed. Ivy's 
(Gillian Zinser) reconciliation with her 
father doesn't go quite as she planned. 
Teddy (Trevor Donovan) and Ian (Kyle 
Riabko) discuss their feelings and decide 
to keep their relationship quiet for the 
time being, unaware that Dixon saw them 
share a kiss. Meanwhile, Navid and Silver 
share their feelings and realize they 
both feel the same way. Naomi returns 
home from the party to find an unexpected 
visitor.

Enjoy :)