- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--Registration will open on june every weekend--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-The.Protector.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 12.06.2011

"Pilot"

LAPD Detective Gloria Sheppard (Ally Walker) 
and her partner Michelle (Tisha Campbell-
Martin) investigate what looks to be a 
mugging gone wrong. But when Gloria uncovers 
evidence that links the victim to a psychic, 
it appears that it may have been a targeted 
murder. At home, Gloria's life as a divorced 
mom, raising two boys with the help of her 
younger brother Davey, has its own 
challenges especially when her youngest son 
wants an elaborate homemade costume for his 
school play. 

I guess some things just have to be spelled
out. 

We are pro-CRF when used well. [Sizing based
bs is as outdated and pointless as xvid.]

Settings do matter, especially those in the
motion estimation categories. Take a minute
to read how they affect source analyzation.
[O, yea, we never suggested any settings,
just a ratefactor, and mocked the absurdity 
of using medium of course.]

I'd think its obvious now, even to those
who did not get the jackalope comment, that
speed is a non-issue.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com