- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-The.Playboy.Club.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 19.09.2011

"Pilot"

When new bunny Maureen (Amber Heard, 
"Zombieland," "Pineapple Express") begins 
working at the club, she quickly gets caught up 
in a dangerous situation with life altering 
consequences. Coming to her aid is Nick Dalton 
(Eddie Cibrian, "CSI: Miami," "Third Watch"), 
one of Chicago's top attorneys and a regular at 
the club -- despite the tension this situation 
creates with his girlfriend Carol-Lynne (Laura 
Benanti, "Take the Lead," "Eli Stone"). 
Meanwhile, the other bunnies, Janie (Jenna 
Dewan Tatum, "American Virgin," "Step Up"), 
Alice (Leah Renee, "True Confessions of a 
Hollywood Starlet") and Brenda (Naturi 
Naughton, "Lottery Ticket," "Fame") each deal 
with their own personal issues and secrets 
while the club's General Manager Billy Rosen 
(David Krumholtz, "Numb3rs," "Superbad") tries 
his best to keep the club running without 
interference from the mob.

18/Slower
Evolve...or die.

Enjoy :)