info, screenshots, crack..
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/homefront-skidrow



Homefront (c) THQ

23-03-2011........Release Date <-> Protection...........Steam+CEG
FPS..................Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD


RELEASE NOTES

The year is 2027. The world as we know it is unraveling after fifteen
years of economic meltdown and widespread global conflict over
dwindling natural resources.

A once proud America has fallen, her infrastructure shattered and
military in disarray. Crippled by a devastating EMP strike, the USA is
powerless to resist the ever expanding occupation of a savage, nuclear
armed Greater Korean Republic.

Abandoned by her former allies, the United States is a bleak landscape
of walled towns and abandoned suburbs. This is a police state where
high school stadiums have become detention centers, and shopping malls
shelter armored attack vehicles. A once-free people are now prisonersâ€¦
or collaboratorsâ€¦ or revolutionaries.

Join the Resistance, stand united and fight for freedom against an
overwhelming military force in Homefront's gripping single player
campaign penned by John Milius (Apocalypse Now, Red Dawn). Stand
alongside a cast of memorable characters as an emotional plot unfolds
in this terrifyingly plausible near-future world. Experience visceral,
cinematic first-person shooter action as you fight your way across
Occupied USA using guerrilla tactics, and commandeer military vehicles
and advanced drone technology to defeat the enemy.


INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy all files from the SKIDROW folder to the game /Binaries/ folder
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


ADDITIONAL NOTES

Use the Launcher.exe included with the crack to change languages!

Game is ofcourse updated with the latest updated content!

 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-F90D_4D8345BA.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-8256_4D8345BA.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-DBD9_4D8345BA.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-C1E7_4D8345BA.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-9114_4D8345BA.html