,
.   http://www.scenetime.com/signup.php  ---&gt;  Hottest scene tracker on the net !!!  

    Join Now   http://www.scenetime.com/signup.php

    seed back for speed


 



...................................NFO:.................................................90210.S04E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 12.09.2011

"Up In Smoke"

In the season four premiere, gang 
from Beverly Hills have graduated 
from high school. Naomi (AnnaLynne 
McCord) has spent the summer dealing 
with the shocking news of her 
pregnancy and quickly discovers she 
doesn't have the status at college 
that she did in high school. Annie 
(Shenae Grimes) receives some 
unexpected news that keeps her in 
town, while Liam (Matt Lanter) 
returns from his summer away ready 
to commit to Annie. Dixon (Tristan 
Wilds) finds himself without a 
roommate or a place to live, while 
an unexpected visitor tests Navid 
(Michael Steger) and Silver's 
(Jessica Stroup) relationship after 
they move in together. Adrianna 
(Jessica Lowndes) comes back to town 
looking for redemption, which she 
soon learns will be hard to earn 
back. Ivy (Gillian Zinser) and Raj 
(guest star Manish Dayal) struggle 
to deal with Raj's health getting 
worse, while Teddy (Trevor Donovan) 
struggles with coming out to his 
family.

18/Slow
Evolve...or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com