NHK August Chronicles
===============================================================================
August is the month when the Japanese confront their past.
In August 1945, at the end of World War II, the United States dropped atomic
bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Less than one week later, Japan 
surrendered. The total number of those killed in the bombings was more than 
200,000. The major difference between conventional and nuclear weapons is the 
after-effects of the latter.

Every year, NHK produces programs presenting the ways in which the 
after-effects of atomic radiation have long been influencing people and society
in general and reconsidering both the atomic bombings and the War in the light 
of newly discovered materials and verbal evidence.

In March this year, Japan was hit by an earthquake with an unprecedented 
magnitude, and the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster that resulted has led to 
radioactive substances being diffused in Japan and overseas. Even today, a 
large number of people are forced to live in evacuation shelters, unsure of 
what the future may hold.

It is only common sense that the peaceful uses of nuclear energy and the 
belligerent use of nuclear weapons are very different matters. This year, 
however, the international community has been driven into focusing on the 
effects of radiation and reconsidering the threat of nuclear terror. We decided
it was imperative for us to reflect on the damage caused by nuclear weapons.
In addition, we thought that when we consider the past we should look back not 
only at memories of the bombings but also at what exactly was happening in 
Japan in a state of war prior to them.

Sincerely wishing for a world free of war and nuclear weapons, we are 
presenting 13 programs this year in our 'August Chronicles' series.


The first half of the series
===============================================================================
In December 1941, three and a half years before the atomic bombings, Japan 
entered World War II by carrying out a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. The 
nation was plunged into a reckless conflict. 70 years have passed since then.
The first half of 'August Chronicles' this year, which marks the 70th 
anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor, includes a drama and a series of 
four documentaries.
They describe how Japan went to war based on a mistaken evaluation of its place
in the international community and how the general public lived during the war 
years.
What is the nature of the mass psychology that draws normal people into the 
maelstrom of battle? The first half of 'August Chronicles' investigates the 
true face of the state of war and describes its terrors.


The second half of the series
===============================================================================
In the world community, there are various interpretations regarding the 
American atomic bombings on Japan. In the United States, the belief remains 
that they were unavoidable as a means to bring the war to an end, and in the 
Asian countries that Japan invaded they are sometimes described as a symbol of 
liberation.
The second half of our 'August Chronicles' series includes a two-part debate on
nuclear power between students and citizens in Hiroshima and documentaries that
look in a multifaceted manner at people of different nationalities who were
directly involved with the atomic bombs.
Through these programs, by carefully studying the history of the atomic 
bombings and listening to the voices of victims, we want to share the wish that
the tragedies caused by nuclear weapons will never be repeated despite the
various interpretations in different countries and individual viewpoints.


Included (Ordered by airdate)
===============================================================================
Lost.Innocence.Lost.Lives_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Nagasaki.Peace.Memorial.Ceremony_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Why.Did.Japan.Go.To.War_Part.1_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Why.Did.Japan.Go.To.War_Part.2_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Why.Did.Japan.Go.To.War_Part.3_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Why.Did.Japan.Go.To.War_Part.4_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
My.Father.Killed.Japanese_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Motivating.Thought_Revisiting.Justice_Part.1_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Motivating.Thought_Revisiting.Justice_Part.2_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
The.Forsaken.Ones_2010_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
My.Burning.Back_2005_FS.720p.HDTV.x264-NHK
Victors.Plea.For.Peace_2011_720p.HDTV.x264-NHK



Missing :(
===============================================================================
Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony 



Notes and contact 
===============================================================================
Sorry for what is missing, I actually didn't know all this was airing. If you
want to contact me, you can do so at sunif0x87()gmail.com

DDL's available (at the time of posting, some are still uploading):
     -
     -
     -

Feel free to reshare all those, even DDL. 
