LS.DATE.........2011/03/18
RLS.SIZE..........03x5.00MB

RLS.TYPE..............Crack
PROTECTION...........Custom

PLATFORM.............WinAll

RELEASE NOTES

EmEditor Professional is the next
generation of the successful
EmEditor, a text editor for Windows
that fully supports Unicode, enabling
you to edit multiple languages.

EmEditor Professional creates
functionally-rich macros using
JavaScript or VBScript, allowing you
to define most operations.

Not only can you define a macro which
records keystrokes that you use and
reference repeatedly, but you can
also write your own macros that can
manipulate other applications,
Windows-based files, or network
functionalities.

The macros are based on the Windows
Scripting Host (WSH) engine, so you
can use all of the powerful, robust
objects available under the Windows
Scripting Host.

EmEditor Professional is a tool that
allows you to edit text files.

EmEditor Professional features two
newly added configurations:
JavaScript for EmEditor and VBScript
for EmEditor. When you open a macro
file in EmEditor, keywords, such as
macro objects, properties, or
methods, are automatically
highlighted. For assistance on
certain keywords, move the cursor
over the keyword and select Search
for Keyword, or press F1.

When an error occurs during the
execution of a macro, a dialog box
will appear showing the content of
the error. If you click on the Edit
button, you can jump to the location
where the error occurred.

EmEditor uses JavaScript or VBScript
for its macro language, so those who
are familiar with HTML or Windows
scripting will be able to write
macros with little difficulty.

For those unfamiliar with scripting
languages, EmEditor can record
keystrokes that can then be saved in
a macro file, which can easily be
loaded in different situations. With
the use of JavaScript or VBScript,
you can also troubleshoot your code
easily.

URL: http://www.emurasoft.com

iNSTALL NOTES

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Copy cracked file(s) over
original(s)
3.) Enjoy

NOTE: If asked for automatic updates
remember to choose do not update
automatically.

If you can't understand how to install
or use this then please don't waste our
or anyone else time whining about bad
installation instructions.

Instead of blaming us for delivering
poor package try to read developer's
FAQ or program's manual.
