	TE 2011 PRESENTS

ANOTHER FINE RELEASE

Release: Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 v11.0.3 (c) 2011 Ashampoo
Date: 12/17/2011

Cracked By: Twisted EndZ
Release Type: Serial, Other: Server Check Bypass, RegFile
RELEASE NOTES

Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is

even better
Ashampoo Burning Studio adapts to new technology to always meet
your needs. Therefore it does not only include the all-time
popular features for all your burning tasks, but also provides
ideal solutions for smartphones, social networks, cloud
services and modern multi-core processors

amazingly fast
When speed is concerned Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is well
ahead. With its new multi-core support when preparing video
contents, you can achieve higher speeds for far quicker burning
results

compact
The new Compact Mode with its modern and elegant design is
always available on the desktop and includes the most important
functions for anyone who wants to burn data quickly

everywhere
Nowadays, we are able to access our data anywhere via social
networks and cloud or other online services. This development
has also had influence on the latest features of the program
Now you have access to your contents from online resources such
as Facebook, Flickr, Picasa or Dropbox

comfortable
With the new file dialog selecting and adding media has become
incredibly comfortable. Through just one interface you can
access all available resources, internal (e.g. hard disc
drives) as well as external (e.g. digital cameras) or online
(e.g. Flickr). Selected files can be viewed using the
integrated preview and be added to your project

multimedia software
Slideshows of your Flickr photos, audio CDs, Blu-ray Discs with
HD videos, video CDs or backup discs are only a few of numerous
ideas how you can use your Ashampoo Burning Studio

easy-to-use
From the easy to use program interface to the Compact Mode
Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is very user friendly and intuitive
so that even new users can start their projects instantly

all you need

For More Info on Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 Visit: 
http://www.ashampoo.com/frontend/produc â€¦ oduct.php?
session_langid=2&idstring;=3210

TE Release Filename: tabs1b3x.zip

INSTALLATION NOTES

Install ashampoo_burning_studio_11_e11.0.3_sm. Do not launch
Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 yet. Next import the registration.reg
file into your registry, which can be found in the Reg folder
Make sure you have administator mode if you have problems
importing the regfile. Ashampoo Burning Studio 11 is now fully
registered and activated!

Thats it! Enjoy

T E 2 0 1 1

ascii
by mx

Don't Hate The Hacker, Hate The Code.