 http://bayimg.com/gacoCaaDk

jano war prowdly presents:

STEREOSCOPIC PLAYER-V1.6.6 WITH PATCH


The Stereoscopic Player application
was designed to be a versatile 3D
movie player. It allows you to play
stereo scopic videos and DVDs
(external decoder required) and also
allows you to watch live video from a
capture device

Since it is based on Direct Show, it
can handle almost any media format
for example AVI, MPEG, WMV and ASF
Videos can be coded in several
different stereo scopic formats

Why is it necessary to use a special
software for 3D movie playback? The
reason is that there are a lots of
different ways to watch stereoscopic
content as well as different ways to
store the content

In the past, it was necessary to
encode a stereoscopic movie for each
viewing method, for example you had
to create an anaglyph file, a
interlaced file for use with shutter
glasses and a side-by-side for for
free-viewing without glasses

Quality was often very low, because
most video codecs don\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\'t handle
interlaced content well and subsample
color information (reducing color
resolution to quarter of original
resolution), which reduces anaglyph
quality dramatically

URL:

* iNSTALL NOTES *

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our patch to register
3.) Enjoy!

thanks to Illusion-iOTA
FOR THE PATCH....