                                               `..--.                           
                                          `:.#antisec#;:                        
                                         :antisec#anti;+.`                      
                                         :sec#antisec#a;/:                      
                                         ntisec#antisec#+a                      
                                         .ntisec#antisec;:                      
      `-`                                 +#antisec#anti:s/                     
 /.:+:/+.`..`                             `;+;ec#antisec::+                     
  :.;;+`-./-:`                            .+:#antisec#anti-++`                  
   `-` -:.``;                          `:.+.sec#antisec#a:  -;-                 
      `;   -:::.                   `-:+..;/:ntisec#an.-` :+``+-                
      `.+-  `./;.-            `-/++++:`.:-;tisec#anti++   -s;`/;//-             
        `-:`    .-:-        /::+-`      :/+;ec#ant;i;/..   ;s:.;:++.:           
          `/      .:`     `;:/`          .+..+///:::/:.    /:e;c#a:;/+-`        
       `:+..      ..   .:.;n+/++.         `---...````      `tisec#an:/:++-      
     -::-`    `.--`  -t:./;:ise./.`..                  .:+.;;c#antisec#:.;;     
    +-      .::.`  .;:.;antisec;.+;;+`                 .--:;..:.#;antisec;;/    
   `.`   `++-`   ./;;#antisec#a;:nt;i+.`         `         ;.    `-;sec#an:.`   
    .:.  .;-`    t+.isec#;a:;:;;nt;i+::.-``  ..:-`         ..      .;sec#a+:.   
     --::...;    ..;ntise+c;:-`  :;.-`:++.+//:-           `/        `;#ant;+:   
       ./:::.:   +::isec;#.      `an..                 .-/.;          -tisec/   
        `.+.::/``/+:#an:;.        .ti+`            `./;;:`;+           sec#.+`  
           /anti:;..sec#;          .an.         `-+.;+::.-..          ti;+:`:;` 
           /sec#antise/c           `#a-     ``-;..//+.+:.-.          -ntis:::/; 
           ec#antisec#:+            /a.    ////+//./..+++..`         `;nti./:`:`
           `sec#antisec#/           /;:+///...+:/.//;;;:././+-         `;ant+/;`
             isec#antis;.         `;ec#antisec#antisec#ant:.:;;.         :/:-`  
              isec#antis:        -;ec#antisec#antisec#anti;.- .;/               
              /sec#antise/       c#antisec#antisec#antis.:-`    .               
               /;;ec#an::.       tise.`                                        
                `+.c#..+`        ;+-.;`                                         
                                  `:/:          
                                  
      "Alright Dirty, yall boys ready? Bout to turn drive-bys revolutionary"
                                  
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
## #FREETOPIARY #FREEMERCEDES #FREEBRADLEYMANNING #SHOOTINNGSHERIFFSSATURDAY ###
### OWN & RM ### OWN & RM ### OWN & RM ### OWN & RM ### OWN & RM ### OWN & RM ##
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

      _  _                   __  .__                      
   __| || |__ _____    _____/  |_|__| ______ ____   ____        #anonymous
   \   __   / \__  \  /    \   __\  |/  ___// __ \_/ ___\       #antisec
    |  ||  |   / __ \|   |  \  | |  |\___ \\  ___/\  \___       #lulzsec
   /_  ~~  _\ (____  /___|  /__| |__/____  >\___  >\___  >      #freetopiary
     |_||_|        \/     \/             \/     \/     \/       #SSS


////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
ANTISEC DELIVERS OVER 10GB OF PRIVATE POLICE EMAILS, TRAINING FILES, SNITCH INFO
AND PERSONAL INFO IN RETALIATION FOR ANONYMOUS ARRESTS #ShootingSheriffsSaturday
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

"Missouri Sheriff's Association Executive Director Mick Covington tells KHQA
that the most the hackers got from their organization were email addresses. 
Contrary to AntiSec's announcement, there were no critical details like names,
social security numbers or other personal information details on their server
that was hacked."  (DOX AND EMAILS DROPPED)
(http://www.connecttristates.com/news/story.aspx?id=646614)

"Based upon past releases of information, the content of these releases are
sometimes manipulated and edited in an attempt of embarrass or discredit
government agencies and law enforcement. Also in their release, they threaten to
publish the names of inmates and confidential informants. Informant and other
sensitive data are not kept on the website, and we believe any information that
would be released would be false in an attempt to hinder future investigations
by law enforcement." - Sheriff John Montgomery   (MORE DOX DROPPED)
(http://www.baxterbulletin.com/article/20110801/NEWS01/110801001/BC-Sheriff-
Website-hacked?odyssey=tab|topnews|text|FRONTPAGE)

"President of the Missouri Sheriff's Association Steve Cox said he thinks the
hackers claim to have more information than they really do. Cox said the group
just wants glory and fame." (DOX AND SSN DROPPED)
(http://www.komu.com/news/update-group-hacks-missouri-sheriff-s-association/)

"Sheriff Joe Guy says, "We've not lost any information. There's no, we've not
been hacked. I think that's been a fear. No sensitive information is on that
website anyway." (DOX AND EMAILS DROPPED AGAIN) 
http://wdef.com/news/mcminn_county_sheriffs_department_website/08/2011

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

A week after we defaced and destroyed the websites of over 70 law enforcement
agencies, we are releasing a massive amount of confidential information that is
sure to embarass, discredit and incriminate police officers across the US. Over
10GB of information was leaked including hundreds of private email spools,
password information, address and social security numbers, credit card numbers,
snitch information, training files, and more. We hope that not only will
dropping this info demonstrate the inherently corrupt nature of law enforcement
using their own words, as well as result in possibly humiliation, firings, and
possible charges against several officers, but that it will also disrupt and
sabotage their ability to communicate and terrorize communities.

We are doing this in solidarity with Topiary and the Anonymous PayPal LOIC
defendants as well as all other political prisoners who are facing the gun of
the crooked court system. We stand in support of all those who struggle against
the injustices of the state and capitalism using whatever tactics are most
effective, even if that means breaking their laws in order to expose their
corruption. You may bust a few of us, but we greatly outnumber you, and you can
never stop us from continuing to destroy your systems and leak your data.

We have no sympathy for any of the officers or informants who may be endangered
by the release of their personal information. For too long they have been using
and abusing our personal information, spying on us, arresting us, beating us,
and thinking that they can get away with oppressing us in secrecy. Well it's
retribution time: we want them to experience just a taste of the kind of misery
and suffering they inflict upon us on an everyday basis. Let this serve as a
warning to would-be snitches and pigs that your leaders can no longer protect
you: give up and turn on your masters now before it's too late.

// A TALE OF TWO OWNINGS

It took less than 24 hours to root BJM's server and copy all their data to our
private servers. Soon after, their servers were taken down and a news article
came out suggesting they received advance FBI "credible threat" notice of a
"hacking plot". At this point it was too late for them because the stolen files
were gonna get leaked regardless. However we were surprised and delighted to see
that not only did they relaunch a few sites less than a week later, but that
their "bigger, faster server that offers more security" carried over our
backdoors from their original box. This time we were not going to hesitate to
pull the trigger: in less than an hour we rooted their new server and defaced
all 70+ domains while their root user was still logged in and active.

We lol'd as we watched the news reports come in, quoting various Sheriffs who
denied that they were ever hacked, that any personal information was stolen,
that they did not store snitch info on their servers. Many lulz have been had as
we taunted the sheriffs by responding to their denials by tweeting teasers
exposing their SSNs, passwords, addresses, and private emails. We also took the
liberty to backdoor their online store and capture a few credit card numbers,
which were used to make involuntary donations to the ACLU, the EFF, the Bradley
Manning Support Network, and more. Despite active FBI investigations and their
additional security measures, they could not stop us from owning their servers,
stealing their identities, and dropping all their data. Two weeks later only a
few of the sites are up with limited functionality as we scared them into
removing any dynamic PHP scripts, forcing them to use static HTML content.

A recent DHS bulletin has called us "script kiddies" that lack "any capability
to inflict damage to critical infrastructure" yet we continue to get in and out
of any system we please, destroying and dropping dox on the mightiest of
government systems that are supposed to be protecting their sick nightmare of
"law and order". GIVE UP. You are losing the cyberwar, and the attacks against
the governments, militaries, and corporations of the world will continue to
escalate. 

Hackers, join us to make 2011 the year of leaks and revolutions.

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

   [*] ORIGINAL DEFACEMENT: http://zone-h.org/mirror/id/14515221)
   [*] BROWSE THE LEAK:     http://vv7pabmmyr2vnflf.onion/          (ON TOR)
                            http://vv7pabmmyr2vnflf.tor2web.com/    (NOT TOR)
                          
   [*] DONATE BITCOINS:     18NHixaoQekQJ3y52aBGJJwgBWX9X3myYR

 The booty contains: 
 
   [*] Over 300 mail accounts from 56 law enforcement domains
   [*] Missouri Sheriff account dump (mosheriffs.com)
       7000+ usernames, passwords, home addresses, phones and SSNs
   [*] Online Police Training Academy files
       PDFs, videos, HTML files
   [*] "Report a Crime" snitch list compilation (60+ entries)
   [*] Plesk plaintext server passwords (ftp/ssh, email, cpanel, protected dirs)
   
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
