- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-The.Secret.Circle.S01E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 15.09.2010

"Pilot"

Cassie Blake's (Britt Robertson, "Life 
Unexpected") world is turned upside down after 
her mother dies in a mysterious accident, forcing 
Cassie to move in with her loving grandmother 
Jane (Ashley Crow, "Heroes") in the small town of 
Chance Harbor, Washington. While trying to adjust 
to her new life, Cassie is quickly befriended by 
Diana Meade (Shelley Hennig, "Days of Our 
Lives"), a sweet-natured classmate who offers to 
show her around and introduces her to mean-girl 
Faye (Phoebe Tonkin, "H2O: Just Add Water"), her 
sidekick Melissa (Jessica Parker Kennedy, 
"50/50," "Smallville") and Cassie's next door 
neighbor Nick (Louis Hunter, "Out of the Blue"). 
Things get complicated when she meets Adam 
(Thomas Dekker, "Terminator: The Sarah Connor 
Chronicles"), Diana's boyfriend, with whom she 
feels an instant and powerful connection. Upon 
meeting one of her mother's childhood friends, 
Dawn Chamberlain (Natasha Henstridge, "Species"), 
the school principal and Faye's mother, Cassie 
begins to wonder why her mother never spoke of 
her hometown. When strange and dangerous things 
begin to happen, Cassie's new friends are forced 
to tell her their secret-they are all witches and 
her arrival will complete the Circle. However, 
the Circle has not been drawn together again by 
chance-Diana's father, Charles Meade (Gale 
Harold, "Queer as Folk," "Desperate Housewives") 
has plans of his own for the group.

18/Slow
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)