
Malwarebytes Anti-Malware v1.50

RLS.DATE.........2010/12/10
RLS.SIZE..........02x5.00MB

RLS.TYPE.............Keygen
PROTECTION...........Serial

PLATFORM.............WinAll

* RELEASE NOTES *

Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware is a
full-blown anti-malware program that
has recently left our labs and can be
considered the next step in the
detection and removal of malware. A
new technologies that were especially
designed to quickly detect, deter and
destroy any malware that could reside
in your computer

The Malwarebytes' Anti-Malware
application was designed to monitor
every process and actually stops
malicious processes before they even
start. It uses our impressive
technology that is in fact a
completely novel way of heuristic
scanning and it is our response to
the increasingly complex malware
threats

And, as we did with our Malwarebytes'
RogueRemover we also have added a
threats center. You can simply check
online which pests are removed the
most and thus are the most prevalent

URL: http://www.malwarebytes.org

* iNSTALL NOTES *

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our keygen to register
3.) Enjoy!

NOTE: Remember to read and understand
included read_me.txt
