.
SceneTime lucky draw is started . Join now and win the prize . everyone is a winner :)
 
http://www.scenetime.com    -  Hottest private tracker on the net. !!!

New release on http://www.scenetime.com

        Seed back for speed


...................................NFO:.................................................The.Simpsons.S23E03.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 30.10.2011

"Treehouse of Horror XXII"

In the spooky opener of the 22nd annual 
installment of Treehouse of Horror, Homer 
takes a dangerous dive into an isolated 
canyon on Candy Peak, but when a crashing 
boulder traps his arm, he channels Aron 
Ralston (guest voicing as himself) to save 
himself.
In The Diving Bell and Butterball, the 
first of three hair-raising Halloween tales, 
a venomous spider bite leaves Homer 
paralyzed, but when Lisa discovers Homer's 
ability to communicate through natural 
gases, he is able to express his love for 
Marge.
The killer spells continue in Dial D for 
Diddly, when Ned Flanders, devout preacher 
by day, transforms into a cold-blooded 
vigilante by night.
In the final terrifying tale, In the Na'Vi,
Bart and Milhouse are assigned on a mission 
to access a sacred extract on a distant 
planet. They morph into the lands 
indigenous one-eyed avatars, but when Bart 
finds love and an eternal mate abroad, he 
is caught in planet warfare.

18/Slower
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com