. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.The.Simpsons.S22E08.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 05.12.2010

"The Fight Before Christmas"

It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
in Springfield, but while Marge gets in the 
holiday spirit, it's bah humbug for the rest 
of the family. Disappointed that she is 
alone spreading the holiday cheer, Marge 
sends a letter to Martha Clause (guest voice 
Stewart) to help her save the family 
Christmas. Martha comes to the rescue and 
transforms the house into the North Pole 
chalet Marge has always dreamed of, but when 
the family is noticeably absent from the 
perfectly trimmed holiday home, she realizes 
that it's Homer and the kids who make the 
holidays special. Meanwhile, the Simpsons 
get ready to sneak away for a tropical 
holiday vacation in Hawaii, but surprise 
visitors Mr. Burns and Moe's new friend, 
Katy Perry (guest-starring as herself in a 
special live-action sequence) delay their 
getaway.

Enjoy :)