Artist: The Godz
Album: The Godz
Year: 2010
Rel. Date: 2010-11-15
Genre: Hard Rock
Label: Rock Candy Records
Source: CD
Type: Remastered
Quality: VBR, 44.1kHz, Joint Stereo

Formed in Columbus, Ohio this uncompromising four
man hard rock band rapidly established a
reputation as one of the most fearless,
uncompromising acts on the scene. Moving quickly,
Casablanca offshoot Millenium Records were quick
to spot their potential, snapping them up as a
sort of biker rock antidote to the flamboyant
stadium cavorting of label mates Kiss and Angel.
Produced by Grand Funk Railroad drummer Don
Brewer, the GODZ debut album is an explosive
statement laced with thick, bottom heavy riffs and
simplistic, almost primal, guitar solos, whilst
the lyrical content makes Kiss seem positively
intellectual by comparison. Best of all, however,
is the pure unrelenting power of the rhythm
section; band leader and bassist Eric Moore
outgonzoing Ted Nugent by a country mile. Make no
mistake, this is a musical Mad Max soundtrack
written and performed with motorcycles, whiskey
and women in mind. Tracks such as Gotta Keep A
Runnin, Under The Table and a choice
interpretation of Golden Earrings Candys Going
Bad make for some of the best hard rock music to
have emerged from the mid seventies.

24-bit remastering from original source tapes,
4,000 word essay about the making of the album,
additional previously unseen photos spread out
over a 16 page full colour booklet.

1.  Go Away                                   4:26
2.  Baby I Love You                           4:25
3.  Guaranteed                                3:35
4.  Gotta Keep A Runnin'                      7:31
5.  Under The Table                           3:44
6.  Cross Country                             7:03
7.  Candy's Going Bad                        10:41

Stripped by HeXagon's Advanced NFO Stripper: http://www.stripnfo.com
