90210.S03E13.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 31.01.2011

"It's Getting Hot in Here"

Naomi (AnnaLynne McCord), Adrianna (Jessica 
Lowndes), Silver (Jessica Stroup) and Annie 
(Shenae Grimes) decide to have a girls' 
weekend and head to a yoga retreat in Ojai. 
Annie attempts to be a good cousin and 
invites Emily (guest star Abbie Cobb, 
"Jonas") along for the weekend but 
confronts her about being a downer on the 
trip. Emily purposefully neglects to wake 
Annie up for a sweat lodge session and uses 
the opportunity to turn the girls against 
Annie. Naomi, who originally thinks the 
retreat is silly, suddenly decides to 
extend her stay. Silver runs into Navid 
(Michael Steger), and the two have a secret 
rendezvous. Adrianna returns from the 
retreat and calls a tabloid to sell an 
exclusive story. Meanwhile, Debbie (Lori 
Loughlin) plans a romantic dinner for Ryan 
(Ryan Eggold), but they are interrupted by 
Dixon (Tristan Wilds), forcing Ryan to 
quickly find a place to hide. Charlie 
(guest star Evan Ross) realizes Annie has 
feelings for Liam (Matt Lanter).

Enjoy :)