-
http:// www . Speed .Cd
http:// www . Speed .Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......www . Speed .Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-Bones.S06E19.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 21.04.2010 

"The Finder"

The remains of a maritime museum security 
guard are found in the Florida Everglades 
after an attempt to steal an obsolete 
17th century nautical chart fragment used 
to find treasures. In order to solve the 
crime, Booth seeks out Walter Sherman 
(guest star Stults), a former Iraqi 
soldier with an uncanny gift to unearth 
anyone and anything. With Sherman's help, 
as well as that of his colleague, Ike 
Latulippe (guest star Burrows), and his 
legal advisor, Leo Knox (guest star 
Duncan), the team is led to tattoo artist 
who points them in the direction of a 
tough young woman. But when the woman is 
found murdered with remnants of the map 
lodged in her remains, the team discovers 
centuries of history linked to the map 
and the suspect behind the crimes. 
Meanwhile, Brennan puts Sherman's 
remarkable skill to the test, and Booth 
harbors cold feelings toward his former 
military comrade.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com