m0  CRO

RiPHOP PROUDLY BRINGS YOU

Death From Above
Death Comes

Genre........: Punk
Label........: TB on TB
Source.......: CDDA
Quality......: avg. 190kbps / 44,1kHz
Encoder......: Lame 3.98.4 -V0
Street.......: 000.00.2010
Release......: Aug.15.2011

R E L E A S E

N O T E S

D-beat from Brazil

n/a

T R A C K

L I S T

01  take me out of this hell              02:23
02  keep destruction alive                02:29
03  dominio das maquinas                  02:53
04  lifes lost                            01:58
05  darkness and sorrow                   02:22
06  biological terror                     02:15
07  is this the labor system              01:50
08  death wears black                     02:33
09  suffocando a terra                    02:30
10  lost in the insane war                02:50
11  death comes                           02:30
12  suffocating earth                     02:32

G R O U P

N E W S

rH  has been releasing stuff for more than ten
years now. although we committed ourselves  to
release  only stuff  roughly characterized  by
the terms punk and hardcore we've been playing
a big role in the scene in our ten   years  of
existence.  a main  concept of  rH has  always
been   the   idea   of  a   leaderless   group.
decisions are met  on the base  of discussion,
rather than authority and hierarchy. this  way
of  handling  issues  can  be  pretty annoying
sometimes, as  it can  take ages  to agree  on
certain issues  and get  stuff done.  however,
the  occasional  lack  of  organisation  is  a
sacrifice rH is willing to make, to  guarantee
individual   freedom   and   thus   a  relaxed
atmosphere. after all it's amazing that  we've
kept the machine running for about ten years
this way.

We know  that our  releases may  contribute to
the  growing  sale loss  of  record companies.
generally that's  no big  deal of  course, the
whining of the record industry is pathetic and
we encourage everyone  to pirate their  music.
unfortunately  the bands  we release  are very
often  put  out by  small,  independent labels
which  work  on   a  very  low-profit   basis,
actually   dependent  on   record  sales.   so
significant loss of sales in this case doesn't
mean  some rockstar  is making  a few  million
less on his latest nu-metal album than he used
to, but us  loosing the opportunity  to listen
to good music.

Therefore we  ask you  not to  distribute our
releases on  public  sites  or  peer  to  peer
networks! please do not consider this  release
as a substitute to the original, but as a  way
to  promote new  bands and  check out  records
before you buy them.

So we  urge you  to support  the bands, attend
their  shows,  buy   their  vinyls,  cds   and
tshirts. so far there's a fairly good  network
of  underground   labels  providing   us  with
outputs  from  awesome  bands,  your   ongoing
support is required to keep the scene alive!

G R O U P   G R E E T S

iPC PULSE TN BPM CRO gF

iTS COR UBE ATR pLAN9 SDR hXc

AMOK 1way PsyCZ JUST JAH XSTREEM

CMG  RNS UKi FNT SOUR PMS TWS  SSR

ascii:

m0/CRO