3DS Max 2011 Bible DVD. 


Whatâ€™s on the DVD
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following sections provide a summary of the software and other 
materials youâ€™ll find on the DVD.

Author-created materials

The example files used in the tutorials throughout the book are 
included in the "Chapter Example Files" directory. Within this 
directory are separate subdirectories for each chapter. Supplemental 
files such as models and images are also included in these directories. 
Animated scenes include a rendered AVI file of the animation. For each 
tutorial, the resulting example after all steps are completed has the 
word "final" in the filename. Using these final examples, you can 
compare the results to your own work.

Applications

The following applications are on the DVD:
	
	* Adobe Reader: A freeware application for viewing files in 
	the Adobe Portable Document Format.
	* Autodesk 3ds Max Trial: Trial software that enables you to 
	work with the bookâ€™s example files for a limited period.

Shareware programs are fully functional, free, trial versions of 
copyrighted programs. If you like particular programs, register with 
their authors for a nominal fee and receive licenses, enhanced 
versions, and technical support.

Freeware programs are free, copyrighted games, applications, and 
utilities. You can copy them to as many PCs as you like-for free-but 
they offer no technical support.

GNU software is governed by its own license, which is included inside 
the folder of the GNU software. There are no restrictions on 
distribution of GNU software. See the GNU license at the root of the 
DVD for more details.

Trial, demo, or evaluation versions of software are usually limited 
either in terms of the time you can use them or the functionality they 
offer (such as not letting you save a project after you create it).

3D models

Viewpoint Datalabs and Zygote Media have provided sample 3D models. 
Many of these models were used in the tutorials, and you can find the
complete set of models in the "3D Models" directory.

eBook version of 3ds Max 2011 Bible

All the text for the book is included on the DVD in PDF format along 
with Adobe Reader. Using the electronic version of the book, you can 
search the text. Youâ€™ll also be able to see the bookâ€™s figures 
in color.