Source..............[ Blu-Ray 50GB [DDR]   ] 
Ripper..............[ -=KaMaL=- [DDR]      ] 
Runtime.............[ 02:06:52             ] 
Resolution..........[ 1280 x 544           ] 
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ] 
Size.............. .[ 4.37 GB              ] 
                                             
Bitrate........... .[ 3421 Kbps            ] 
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ] 
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ] 
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ] 
                                             
Audio Info..........[ 1. 1536 Kbps DTS 5.1 ] 
                                             
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ] 
                                             
Subtitles...........[ English              ] 
                                             
                                             
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!          
                                             
                 Enjoy   !!!                 

                                                  
 Cast :  Emraan Hashmi     Jacqueline Fernandez   
         Yana Gupta        Prashant Narayanan     
         Sandeep Sikand    Sudhanshu Pandey       
         Shweta Kawatra    Sulagna Panigrahi      
                                                  
                                                  
                                                  
         Director    :    Mohit Suri              
         Writer      :    Shagufta Rafique        
                                                  
                                                  
         Genre       :    Romance | Thriller      
                                                  

Arjun Bhagwat is a Goan ex-cop who earns his    
bread doing all the wrong and odd jobs. His     
family was so troubled by their poverty that    
it became difficult for them to survive. For    
Arjun, money became a priority and the basis    
for any job he took up. Arjun meets Sameer,     
a Goan gangster who has been suffering a huge   
loss as his hookers have been running away. He  
immediately assigns Arjun for the job offering  
him a huge sum and knowing his skills of        
investigation as an ex-cop in order to find     
those girls.Priya, a young girl who plays a     
model in the film, is deeply in love with Arjun.
However, he is hesitant to admit it as for him  
the only thing that matters is money. Thru his  
investigation, Priya does not understand his    
hesitance in giving a name to their relationship
                                                
                                                
    IMDB Link :                                 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1918965/

Screens:-
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/7/oabk6zz1enm4e5/3.png
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/6/ncvr1w982adn9p/4.png
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/2/eeg8hoih9yo46m/5.png
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/7/5k7fq891xzqkuj/6.png

