Heaven & Hell is a real-time strategy god game in which you are 
either God or the Devil. Your goal is to convert as many villagers 
as you can to accomplish your mission, by creating prophets and 
creating miracles in order to gain mana to create even more powerful 
miracles. There are seven prophets for each faction, ranging from 
converting people to building structures in order to attract more 
followers.

Eventually you will clash with your rival faction, sending out 
warriors in order to stop them is your goal to keep them from 
beating one of your followers to join your rival faction. You also 
can manipulate the world around you, with the hand of power, you 
can lift people, usefully to move them where you need them or even 
if your devilish enough drop them into the sacrificial pit to gain 
more mana, create earthquakes, produce lightning or even create a 
plague of frogs and locusts.

When you gain enough followers and complete convert the map, you 
then bring about armageddon, as for the light, you can create a 
flood of biblical proportions such as Noah, or the dark side, 
create hell on earth by turning the Earth into fire and brimestone.

It features twenty missions with different goals or a random 
mission generator to create your own map and degree of difficulty, 
a day and night cycle, which effects which faction you are in, 
light miracles are more effect during the day and dark miracles 
at night.

Extract Archive To Any Desired Directory With Winrar Or 7zip etc.........


NO INSTALL JUST EXTRACT AND PLAY 

Start Game With "h_h.exe" Which Is Located In The "Run" Folder


ENJOY AND PLEASE SEED
