Source..............[ Blu-ray 50GB [DDR]   ]  
Ripper..............[ -=DDR=-              ]  
Runtime.............[ 02:22:05             ]  
Resolution..........[ 1280 x 544           ]  
Framerate......... .[ 23.976 FPS           ]  
Size.............. .[ 4.37 GB              ]  
                                              
Bitrate........... .[ 2900 Kbps            ]  
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]  
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]  
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]  
                                              
Audio Info..........[ 1. 1536 Kbps DTS 5.1 ]  
                                              
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi.            ]  
                                              
Subtitles...........[ English              ]  
Chapters............[ Yes (Muxed)          ]  
                                              
                                              
          !..The Exclusive Encode..!          
                                              
                  Enjoy   !!!                 

Cast :   Ajay Devgan          Sonali Kulkarni   
         Kajal Agarwal        Sachin Khedekar   
         Prakash Raj          Kishore Nandlaskar
         Suchitra Bandekar    Vijay Patkar      
         Ravindra Berde       Ashok Samarth     
         Suhasini Deshpande   Ashok Saraf       
         Agasthya Dhanorkar   Jayant Sawarkar   
         Anant Jog            Meghna Vaidya     
         Pradeep Welankar                       
                                                
                                                
       Director    :   Rohit Shetty             
       Writer      :   Hari                     
                       Yunus Sajawal            
                                                
       Genre       :   Action | Drama           
                                                
In the backdrop of Shivgad, a small village     
in the border of Maharashtra and Goa, the       
film revolves around the story of an honest,    
diligent and honoured Inspector Bajirao         
Singham played by Mr. Ajay Devgn who fights     
against injustice and prejudice using his       
own ethics and principles.A sudden strike       
of destiny sets up Singham against the          
tremendously powerful criminal cum politician   
Jaykant Shikre (Prakash Raj), challenging his   
morals and beliefs. Jaykant's powerful          
planning and force makes Singham land up in the 
ruling city of Jaykant Shikre, the city of      
'Goa', where he leaves no stone unturned to     
make Singham's life a nightmare to live.        
                                                
                                                
  IMDB Link :                                   
                                                
      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1948150/      
                                                
             Users Rating:  7.1/10              

Screens:
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/9/72f0g64udkmc8n/1.png
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/9/o4eu3woulo5wf3/2.png
 
http://server1.upload-novalayer.com/files/4/z5m8n47d8ha8qw/3.png

