Star Sentinel Tactics / Tri Synergy

RELEASE DATE : 13-12-2010              PROTECTION : SecuROM            
GAME TYPE    : Strategy                DISKS      : 1 DVD 


Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible

twice the fun \/ double the trouble


On with the game release information:                         
                                                             
Star Sentinel Tactics is a turn-based tactics game that puts   
you in command of a squad of elite United Alliance marines -   
aka the Star Sentinels - as they battle to stop a race of     
bloodthirsty reptilians launching a devastating attack on our  
Galaxy. Along the way you'll encounter giant mechs, rotting    
zombies, mutants and a host of other foes, all intent on your  
destruction.
                                                               
Star Sentinel Tactics takes the classic turn-based tactical    
combat of classic 2D turn-based strategy games, and brings it  
back up to date with beautiful 3D graphics, realistic          
line-of-sight, an engaging story, and an array of new weapons  
and enemies. This is 100% pure tactical combat, with no        
base-building, no research trees, no resource management and   
no strategic planning and absolutely no random encounters.     
                                                               
28 hand-crafted missions, requiring a wide range of tactical   
approaches. Use stealth, provide cover fire, snipe, set up     
ambushes, hold strategic positions, rescue fallen comrades or  
just go for an all out brute force attack.                     
                                                              
An engaging storyline, sharp dialogue and a cast of            
compelling characters. Or, if you prefer, just skip all the    
talking and get on with the tactical action.                   
                                                               
Complex scripted AI opponents who will try to pin you down,    
snipe you, ambush you, flush you out or just come in all guns  
blazing.                                                       
                                                               
Dozens of different weapons to utilize, including handguns,   
rifles, shotguns, assault rifles, grenades, melee weapons and  
a range of laser and plasma weaponry.                          
                                                               
Fully moddable game engine, allowing almost everything to be   
edited with basic knowledge of XML and Lua. Create your own  
missions or modify existing ones. Create new weapons, new     
enemies or allies. Write your own scripted cutscenes. Write    
your own AI scripts for enemies. Full access to the game       
engine, and the same tools used to create the game. Modify     
graphics, lighting, materials and textures, or add your own.


Install Notes:

1. Unpack release                                              
2. Mount image or burn it                                      
3. Install                                                     
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD 
   to the main installation folder and overwrite               
5. Play the game  

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!


Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS




CHRISTMAS IS COMING :) SUPPORT THE SOFTWARE DEVELOPERS AND BUY 

        SOME NICE GAMES FOR YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY. 

