.
 
http://www.scenetime.com    -  Hottest private tracker on the net. !!!

New release on http://www.scenetime.com

        Seed back for speed


...................................NFO:.................................................House.S08E03.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 17.10.2011

"Charity Case"

When Benjamin suddenly collapses 
after making a rare and generous 
donation, House and Dr. Chi Park are 
convinced that his extreme altruistic 
behavior may indicate a deeper 
medical disorder. With no definitive 
explanation for Benjamin's loss of 
consciousness and unresponsiveness to 
treatment, House pushes just the 
right buttons to recruit former 
prison doctor Jessica Adams to 
volunteer her time and expertise to 
the case. Benjamin then makes a bold 
but life-threatening offer that could 
save another life, and the team must 
diagnose his disorder before he puts 
his own life on the line. Meanwhile, 
Adams and Park test each other's 
outlook on generosity and gratitude, 
and Thirteen's guilt conflicts with 
her pursuit of personal happiness.

18/Slower
Evolve...or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com