- 
http://www.Speed.Cd                            and don't forget to visit  Us


Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

 ............ NFO .............
-House.S08E02.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 10.10.2011

"Transplant"

A surprising visitor makes House an 
offer he can't refuse by giving him 
the opportunity to help the Princeton 
Plainsboro team treat a unique 
patient in order to save the life of 
an organ recipient being treated by 
Wilson. Although House finds himself 
back on familiar ground, he quickly 
realizes that much has changed since 
he left, and he is forced to work on 
the case with smart yet timid 
resident Dr. Chi Park. After several 
inconclusive treatments and with time 
running out, House and Dr. Park are 
left with one last option to examine 
the patient's medical history that 
could compromise House's conditional 
agreement with the hospital. 
Meanwhile, House makes an effort to 
reconnect with Wilson despite a cold 
reception.

18/Slower
Evolve...or die.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com