Artist:   The Drums
Title:    Portamento
Label:    Island
Genre:    Indie
Bitrate:  226kbit av.
Time:     00:45:17
Size:     77.60 mb
Rip Date: 2011-09-03
Str Date: 2011-09-05

01. Book Of Revelations                                           3:29
02. Days                                                          4:29
03. What You Were                                                 3:15
04. Money                                                         3:53
05. Hard To Love                                                  3:53
06. I Don't Know How To Love                                      3:22
07. Searching For Heaven                                          2:49
08. Please Don't Leave                                            4:11
09. If He Likes It Let Him Do It                                  3:51
10. I Need A Doctor                                               4:16
11. In The Cold                                                   3:29
12. How It Ended                                                  4:20

Release Notes:

The Drums have returned just a year after their debut with a follow-up
that puts them a step above a lot of contemporary indie bands.

The surf-pop influences that provided an undertone to their debut EP
Summertime! somehow add a level of sophistication on this catchy but
mature second album.

Traditionally, the sophomore album is a tricky one for bands who rise
to any kind of prominence with their debut, but The Drums should have
no issues.

Portamento establishes that the band have staying power, with tracks
like 'Days' being as haunting as their are catchy.

Rather than breaking from the indie formula, they've made it their own
through excellent production and little touches that make this feel
different.

Tracks like 'What You Were' carry a Stone Roses influence, with the
backing vocals being reminiscent of the Beach Boys at times, whilst the
brass is a very nice addition.

Fans of Hot Chip will probably lap up songs like electro-indie 'Hard To
Lose', which provide a nice departure in mood from the rest of the
record.

Still guitar-driven at its heart, Portamento is an album that showcases
its influences and the roots of indie music without feeling like The
Drums are pandering to their fans.

Tracks like 'Searching For Heaven' are a departure for the album, with
big club influences coming through on the synth, without sounding
forced.

Several of these tracks could become modern indie classics given half a
chance, and The Drums have crafted a consistent second album that
builds on, and surpasses, its predecessor.