info, crack...
 
http://www.btarena.org/games/football-manager-2012-skidrow


Football Manager 2012 (c) SEGA

31-10-2011........Release Date <-> Protection....Steam+CEG+Custom
Manager..............Game Type <-> Disk(s)..................1 DVD

RELEASE NOTES

Counting over 800 new features, not including changes to the rules of
the games 50+ leagues, Football Manager 2012 promises to be the most
realistic, immersive and playable football management simulation ever
for any fan who has ever dreamed of making the big decisions, both on
and off the field.

Features:

Transfers & Contracts - significant changes to the transfer and
contract systems, including loyalty bonuses, better implementation of
amateur and youth contracts, an improved transfer centre and the
ability to lock areas of the contract negotiation when you aren't
prepared to budge. This helps you to manage your budgets and gives you
flexibility in what you offer money hungry players, or agents, as
incentives.

Scouting improvements - using several real life scouting reports, a new
in-game report has been devised which includes squad analysis, tactics
information and information about goals scored and conceded alongside
lots of other scouting improvements, giving you all the information you
need to prepare before kick-off and throughout the season.

3D Match Improvements - new animations, a whole new crowd system,
improved weather system, more stadiums, plus two brand new cameras -
"Behind Goal" and "Director Cam" as well as all other camera angles
being reversible - meaning you can watch and analyse every aspect of
every game.

Manage Anywhere, Anytime - the ability to add or take away playable
nations in your saved game as often as you want. Manage in that
country at the start of the next season- meaning you donâ€™t have to
stay in the nations which are chosen by you to be playable at the start
of your career.

Tone - a whole new level has been added to team talks and
conversations, with the new tone system, which allows you to specify
the way you want to say things â€“ be as cool as a cucumber by saying
things calmly or throw tea cups around by saying things with passion.
There are 6 different tones to choose from with specific comments per
tone.

Intelligent Interface - a new adaptive layout system, which means the
higher your screen resolution, the more info is easily at your
fingertips. The new interface also contains new filters, customisable
columns, a new tactics screen, and lots of new overview screens.

Brand New Tutorial - standing separate from the main game, a mode to
help new players find their way around the game easily, whilst also
offering tips to experienced managers on how to get the most out of the
game, as well as a new in-game â€œhow toâ€ system.

On top of these key innovations, there are lots of areas of the game
that have had huge improvements, such as the media system, press
conferences, the youth system, newgens, the social networking options,
friendlies, international management and many more which will be
detailed in a series of video blogs over the coming months, alongside
more information about Football Manager 2012.

INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release
2. Mount or burn image
3. Install
4. Copy everything from the SKIDROW folder to the game installation
5. Play the game
6. Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

SCREENS
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-9750_4EAF172C.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-A0C3_4EAF170D.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-AF0E_4EAF1697.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-4FE3_4EAF1697.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-E780_4EAF1697.html
 
http://www.freeimage.us/share-5BC7_4EAF1697.html
