Every race is different in Ignite. Each race brings something new as
players try to win by using their own tactics. The score system in
Ignite allows for tactics to be used during a race. Gathering score
allows the use of nitro in the race and converts to time bonus at the
end. So short term usage of nitro can help the players get out of
situations ahead of the others but using a lot of nitro and thus score
may cost him the game. There are different methods of gathering score
(drafting, hitting objects, drifting) and some cars are more suited for
a method then the other. Choosing the right car for the preferred
method and playing out your strategy will make the player win the game.

Features:

Single and multiplayer game: a 35 races long single player campaign
played at 7 locations. Multiplayer game up to 5 players.

3 Brand new modes of game play:
Race mode: A new twist to the racing genre: Players can gather score
and burn it away to get ahead or collect score and jump to the front
at the end of the race when it is converted into time bonus.

Knock-Out mode: At the end of each lap, the last player gets knocked
out of the race. Those who remain, get a score bonus.

Run-Out mode: Players start with a set amount of score, but it is
gradually running out. Players may replenish some of their score with
stunts or burn some of it away as nitro but if their score runs down
to zero they lose the game.

3 different types of racing cars: The American muscle, the street and
the race cars all have a certain feel which requires different driving
technique.

Various configuration for each car: All vehicles have different
settings which makes them suitable for different races or driving
styles.

INSTALL NOTES

1:unrar frist file
2:unrar second file
3: clcik on Ignite.exe and play

ENJOY