RLS.DATE.........2011/04/06
RLS.SIZE..........43x5.00MB

RLS.TYPE.............Keygen
PROTECTION...........Serial

PLATFORM...............Unix

RELEASE NOTES

Wowza Media Server is a powerful and
extensible pure Java alternative to
Adobe Flash Media Server application
from which the user will get a great
improvement of Flash streaming
economics. With up to 80% lower Total
Cost of Ownership (TCO), Wowza Media
Server makes Flash streaming
affordable for organizations of all
sizes - from individuals and
enterprises, to hosting companies and
CDNs.

Wowza Media Server is a Flash
streaming platform for a wide range
of interactive and multimedia
applications, including video on
demand, live video distribution,
video recording and chat. It is an
infrastructure grade server that lets
you scale cost-effectively with the
exploding demand for streaming
content. Wowza Media Server is
engineered to take full advantage of
the performance gains in the new
generation of 64-bit hardware and
operating systems, and also to
perform exceptionally well on 32-bit
platforms. In either case, you can
count on Wowza Media Server for high
performance and excellent stability.

Wowza Media Server offers extensive,
infrastructure grade management and
administrative functionality. The
server uses a standards-based Java
Management Extention (JMX) interface
that works with a variety of
administation consoles and management
systems including HP OpenView, IBM
Websphere, BEA Weblogic and many others.

URL: http://www.wowzamedia.com

iNSTALL NOTES

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our keygen to register
3.) Enjoy

If you can't understand how to install
or use this then please don't waste our
or anyone else time whining about bad
installation instructions.

Instead of blaming us for delivering
poor package try to read developer's
FAQ or program's manual.
