t h e  c r a c k e r s  o f

rADs

p r e s e n t  t h e  2 0 k - c o l l e c t i o n

Hardcoded Software dupeGuru Picture Edition v2.4.1 INCL.KEYMAKER

Cracked by....:  Minamoto          Release-Name..:  CR-RWC01.ZIP
Supplied......:  CORE              Release-Date..:  2012/01/30
Packaged......:  Bergelmir        Release-Type..:  Util
Protection....:  Serial            OS............:  MacOSX
Crack/SN......:  Keymaker          Language......:  English
Rating........:  You decide    Disks.........:  02

..: DESCRiPTiON :..

dupeGuru Picture Edition (PE for short) is a tool to find
duplicate pictures on your computer. dupeGuru PE is a big brother
of dupeGuru. It works like dupeGuru, but is specialized for
duplicate pictures matching. dupeGuru PE runs on Windows, Mac OS X
and Linux.

dupeGuru PE is efficient. Not only can dupeGuru PE find exact
matches, but it can also find duplicates among pictures of
different kind (PNG, JPG, GIF etc..) and quality. On Mac OS X,
dupeGuru PE can scan your iPhoto library.

dupeGuru PE is customizable. You can tweak its matching engine to
find exactly the kind of duplicates you want to find. The
Preference page of the help file lists all the scanning engine
settings you can change.

dupeGuru PE is safe. Its engine has been especially designed with
safety in mind. Its reference directory system as well as its
grouping system prevent you from deleting pictures you didn't mean
to delete.

Compare any picture format. dupeGuru PE supports JPG, PNG, TIFF,
GIF and BMP formats. All these formats can be compared together.
The Mac OS X version of dupeGuru PE also supports PSD and RAW (CR2
and NEF) formats.

Do whatever you want with your duplicates. Not only can you delete
duplicates files dupeGuru finds, but you can also move or copy
them elsewhere. There are also multiple ways to filter and sort
your results to easily weed out false duplicates (for low
threshold scans).

..: iNSTALL/REGiSTER NOTES :..

Use our keymaker to register the application.

Thanks for choosing
(C)hallenge (O)f (R)everse (E)ngineering

..: CORE NEWS AND iNFOS :..

- not available -

lAYOUt & hEADER bY. rADs
nfO UPdATED ON 2012/01/13
(c) C.O.R.E. 2 0 1 2

CRC 3567:B9EE