The Windows Version

SUPPLIER..: TEAM AiRiSO CRACKER....: TEAM AiR
PACKER....: TEAM AiRISO PROTECTION.: SERIAL/RAS-2
DATE......: 06/2009
SiZE......: 83 * 100MB
SYSTEM....: [Ã¾]WiNXP [Ã¾]OSX
FORMAT....: [Ã¾]VSTi [Ã¾]DXi [Ã¾]RTAS [Ã¾]AU [ ]REASON
[ ]GiGA [ ]WAV [ ]CDDA [ ]REX [ ]KONTAKT
[ ]EXS [ ]HALion [ ]Other 


BASiS includes more than 7 gigabytes of the most
diverse collection of basses available in the world
of virtual instruments: classics like the Jazz Bass,
P-Bass, Rickenbacker, and Musicman basses are
presented alongside personality and genre tributes
such as a classic Motown bass, a gospel bass, Jacoâ€™s
Fretless, and Maccaâ€™s Hofner. One upright bass and
three slap basses are also included. In the synth
bass category, more than a hundred patches are
provided, ranging from thumping vintage synth basses
to techno basses and esoteric fresh creations to
spice up your tracks. Each instrument has been
meticulously mastered and programmed for maximum
musicality when placed in a mix.

All electric basses have been sampled from both the
direct input (DI) and an amped perspective. A knob
on the interface allows phase-aligned blending of
the two, or the selection of one or the other. For
the upright bass, the same knob allows mixing of the
direct input and a phase-aligned tube mic output
capture of the same sessions. Other onscreen
controls allow pitch bend range adjustment, pick
noise and fret noise controls, release layer
controls, adjustable velocity curve, and instant and
detailed control over EQ. A comprehensive selection
of effects is included, including an octaver,
compression, saturation, lo-fi, distortion, limiter,
phaser, flanger, chorus, reverb, and delay.

Performance features include an innovative legato
tool designed for true finger-smooth playing, and a
customizable vibrato engine with control over
vibrato types, speeds, and depths. Rather than
opting for traditional LFO-based vibrato, BASiS uses
a sophisticated character vibrato modeled after real
bass players, completely controllable from the
keyboard and onscreen interface. Randomized pick
noises, release samples, and fret noises add to the
realism of each instrument.

Combining all of these innovative features into one
virtual instrument, the end result is a versatile,
varied, and intuitively playable library of the
finest low-end instruments in the world.

BASiS is powered by the popular Kontakt Player 2
engine, offering total integration into all major
sequencers via its AudioUnit, VST, and RTAS
plug-ins, as well as standalone operation. It also
works perfectly within both Kontakt 2 and Kontakt 3.


Enjoy and Seed!!