- 
http://www.Speed.Cd
 
http://www.Speed.Cd      fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

(((--submit for invite!!--)))

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......http://www.Speed.Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-The.Vampire.Diaries.S03E01.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 15.09.2010

"The Birthday"

On the morning of Elena's (Nina Dobrev) 18th 
birthday, Caroline (Candice Accola) is busy 
planning a party, but Elena is focused on searching 
for any clues that might help her discover where 
Stefan (Paul Wesley) is. Damon (Ian Somerhalder) is 
also searching for Stefan, while trying to protect 
Elena and keep her from doing anything that would 
draw Klaus' (Joseph Morgan) attention. Meanwhile, 
Klaus and Stefan are busy trailing a werewolf named 
Ray Sutton (guest star David Gallagher, "Super 8"). 
Now working at the Mystic Grill along with Matt 
(Zach Roerig), Jeremy (Steven R. McQueen) is 
struggling to understand why he keeps seeing the 
ghosts of Vicki (guest star Kayla Ewell) and Anna 
(guest star Malese Jow) since he was brought back 
to life by Bonnie's (Kat Graham) magic. Meanwhile, 
Alaric (Matt Davis) does his best to watch over 
Elena and Jeremy, while dealing with his grief over 
Jenna's death. Finally, Caroline and Tyler (Michael 
Trevino) face a new and unexpected challenge.

18/Slow
Evolve... or die.

Enjoy :)