:      ______/_\     ___ / oO \ ____    /___/____    :

..   :        _\|/_      K     L     V       _\|/_        :   ..

.....:  - -- -----------P-R-E-S-E-N-T-S------------ -- -  :.....

artist  : Night Ranger
album   : Somewhere In California
year    : 2011

genre   : Rock
label   : Frontier Records
cat#    : FR CD 515

source  : CDDA
encoder : LAME 3.98.4 -V0
quality : VBR/44,1/Joint

size    : 109,9 MB

tracklist

01.  Growin' Up in California                04:26
02.  Lay it One Me                           04:36
03.  Bye Bye Baby (Not Tonight)              04:35
04.  Follow Your Heart                       06:46
05.  Time of Our Lives                       05:15
06.  No Time to Lose                         04:29
07.  Live for Today                          06:04
08.  It's Not Over                           04:35
09.  End of the Day                          04:08
10.  Rock N' Roll Tonite                     04:11
11.  Say it with Love                        05:17

54:22

..:  .          _\|/_ _N_ OTES  -N-  GREET _S_ _\|/_          .  :..

Night Ranger returns with their tenth studio
album, Somewhere in California, in their better
than 30 year career. This new album might strike a
better chord with long time fans who were
disappointed with the so-called more modern sound
of the previous Hole in the Sun. Somewhere in
California runs more towards that anthem-like
arena ready sound that made the Eighties famous.

Somewhere in California opens strong with
autobiographical Growin' Up in California, a
melodic rocker with a summer, top down
convertible, feel. That arena anthem character
kicks in the following songs. Lay It On Me is
heavier, but catchy, melodic rocker with strong
guitar (but that's every here). Bye Bye Baby has
sentimental feel wrapped up in a strong vocal
arrangement and the hook of a big chorus. Follow
Your Heart offers a steady pace, a bit of blues,
and another hard rock anthem. Another song ready
for the open air is semi-ballad Time of Our Lives,
beginning with simple piano and vocals and then
soaring to conclusion. No Time to Lose Ya is pure
AOR melodic rock suitable for framing in the
summer sun or evening of radio airplay.

This opening momentum continues in the latter half
of Somewhere in California, with a few curious
turns. Live for Today is another fine and
ambitious ballad (with a bit Beatlesque feel?),
but seems a little drawn out. It's Not Over is
another solid rocker, yet trips over itself with
repetitiveness of the chorus. Rock N Roll Tonite
is exactly what you would expect: an anthem to
rock; its rowdy and gives the band a chance to get
raucous. However, it's not quit as gripping as
some of the earlier tunes. Nevertheless, these are
all fine songs showing Night Ranger significant
skill in musicianship and song craftsmanship. To
this end, Somewhere in California closes with Say
It With Love, a rather inspirational, if not
sentimental, piece that finds Night Ranger
returning to that accessible AOR arena rock sound.

Honestly, on Somewhere in California Night Ranger
sounds better than ever. This is solid,
well-crafted, melodic rock: accessible,
infectious, and entertaining. It's a perfect
release for your Summer play list.
 
http://www.nightranger.com/

KLV is the foreign music division of KALEVALA

want us on your secure, non-rented, non-.de/.at/.ch
site full of nice ppl and no dickheads?
try to get a hold of us on irc...

greets fly out to everyone we met over the years and
many good grps like:

BERC - GREiD - hUSHhUSH - mwnd - soup - SHELTER - FNT
rH - GRW - DEF - BCC - DPS - AEROHOLiCS - SiNNERS
SAiNTS - Razor1911 - gEm - ss - FiCO - WAGNER
BLooDWeiSeR - UKi - FFNDVD - NGP - aAF

.....:  - -- -------\/--\--_((_oX_))_--/--\/------- -- -  :.....

..:  ....:             aBHO  _ __\/__ _   -T!             :....  :..