BirÃ©li LagrÃ¨ne
Gipsy Trio
2009 - Dreyfus Jazz: FDM 46050 369272 
http://www.disquesdreyfus.com/catalogue/369272-gipsy-trio.html

* BirÃ©li LagrÃ¨ne: guitare
* Hono Winterstein: guitare
* Diego Imbert: contrebasse

Review
~~~~~ 
http://www.allmusic.com/album/r1646624
by Michael G. Nastos

Bireli Lagrene's long and outstanding career as a Django Reinhardt disciple has
been reinforced time and time again, while he also makes inroads to extend and
expand the tradition of gypsy jazz. While his acoustic guitar wizardry is
unquestioned, his sincerity in keeping the hot swing of Reinhardt alive has been
adopted by others, but not like Lagrene is capable of playing it. This
drummerless trio with veteran bassist Diego Imbert and rhythm guitarist Hono
Winterstein -- heard in recent times with the Dorado Schmitt family band -- is
an exciting, tasteful, and skilled combo that takes liberties in this kind of
vintage jazz without stressing it out. Many of these tracks are familiar old
favorites, but a few have new twists, not to mention energy to burn. A version
of Ahmad Jamal's "Poinciana" in particular has never really been done with a
Parisian flair, and it's a nice change-up. "Limehouse Blues" is another chestnut
given new incentive to swing with Imbert's bowed lines and rhythm churning more
that normal. Most delightful is "Singing in the Rain," already joyful but here
happy, over the top with an additionally whistled refrain. And "Tiger Rag" is
about as playful, fun, and vigorous as it gets. One might wonder what George
Harrison would think of a take on his pensive classic tune "Something," done in
easy swing mode, or see George Shearing listening to a chunky, stride-filled
version of "Lullaby of Birdland." Of the originals, "New York City" is a
fast-paced metropolitan subway jam, "Sir F.D." for label honcho Francis Dreyfus
has Lagrene in a languid solo repast, and "Made in France" has a choppy, 6/8
romp. There are some patient tunes indeed, but Lagrene is at heart a speed
demon, ripping up the lesser-known Reinhardt tune "Micro" as if he's playing it
in a vat of lit sterno. This is yet another in the long line of fine recordings
the virtuoso Lagrene has offered to the world, and comes easily recommended.