House.S07E10.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 24.01.2011

"Carrot or Stick"

A teenage military trainee at a 
juvenile offender training camp 
suffers peculiar symptoms after 
enduring an intense training course, 
and mysteriously, his drill sergeant 
is soon admitted for similar 
symptoms. Unable to track down the 
cause of the shared illness, the 
team searches for clues in the 
trainee's family medical history, and 
Masters (guest star Tamblyn) and 
House reveal a unique bond between 
the sergeant and trainee. Meanwhile, 
when an indecent photo of Chase is 
posted on a social-networking site 
following three different romantic 
encounters, Chase is determined to 
find out which girl is trying to 
publicly disgrace him. Also, sensing 
Cuddy's stress over her daughter 
Rachel's enrollment at a prestigious 
preschool, House secretly prepares 
Rachel for observations and reveals 
a soft spot for the toddler.

Enjoy :)