-=- Proudly Presents -=-

Zombie Driver: Summer of Slaughter (c) Exor Studios

Release On  : 24 October 2011        Disk Amount/Format : 1 CD ISO
Type of Game : Action                  Media Protection  : Steam

Release Information

Ever wanted to chill out on a warm sandy beach, with lush palm trees,
calming blue waves and a horde of brain hungry zombies? Here's your
chance - Zombie Driver: Summer of Slaughter contains the new Paradise
Island Slaughter map

Fight your way through the streets of a zombie infested city to save the
survivors of a disastrous chemical accident that changed most of the
city's population into mindless brain hungry monsters. Time is the enemy
and your car is a weapon as you race through the streets smashing
everything on your way including fences, phone booths, street lamps and
hordes of zombies. If you get tired of rescuing people, take part in the
Blood Race tournament. Chase other cars and take them down without mercy
on special racing tracks populated with the zombie horde. Earn loads of
cash while you progress through the events, unlock new rides and purchase
weapons of mass destruction to become the ultimate Blood Race leaderboard
champion. If the car chases and speed runs are not your thing, jump into
the Slaugher mode where your objective is to survive as long as possible
while ramping up enormous kill combos and annihilating endless waves of
zombies on specialy crafted arenas

Features

NEW Paradise Island Slaughter map

NEW Blood Race mode with 30 unique events offering the best arcade racing
experience in 3 distinct game types

Race - classic racing spiced up with guns and loads of zombies
Eliminator - take down as many vehicles as you can before the time runs
out

Endurance - there is a bomb on your car and its ticking. Race through
checkpoints, smash objects and kill zombies to extend your time

Slaughter mode with 6 surival arenas featuring enourmous killing sprees

Story mode with 17 missions, sub quests and bonus objectives in a huge,
free roaming city

8 different cars ranging from a sports car to a school bus

9 different upgrades for each car, which can transform even an innocent
Taxi into a Chariot of Death

All cars can be mounted with miniguns, flamethrowers, rocket launchers or
even dual railguns

Vicious zombie types including even zombie dogs

Advanced, dynamic combo system with tricks and hordes of zombies to try it
on

Post your highscores to Facebook directly from the game

Burn/mount, install, copy crack, play

Greetz: LARGEiSO and MEDIUMiSO

(C) E/dfs
" SIZE DOES NOT MATTER