earman157 - Silvercord - Cronosleeps

Over the past few years, Earth Mantra has had the honor of re-releasing two
classic albums by Geoff Nostrant of Silvercord. Today, we are privileged to
bring our listeners a brand spanking new Silvercord album, with all new pieces
never before heard and never before made available anywhere. And what a
breathtaking treat we have in store.

Fans of Earth Mantra will know that we hold the music of Silvercord in very high
esteem indeed, having praised it as some of the best ambient space music we have
ever heard at any level. Happily, we can report that "Cronosleeps" not only
lives up to Geoff's extraordinarily high standards, but brings a fresh new
dimension to his rapturous musical point of view that elevates the bar even
further.

Geoff Nostrant has always focused his art on the most uplifting and divine
sounds imaginable, the kind of compositions that can unwind the most tense of
people and seemingly trigger spontaneous out of body experiences, the kind of
music one would expect to hear in heaven itself. In "Cronosleeps", one can find
plenty of celestial music and heavenly sound design, but there is much, much
more here to enjoy. Between all of the enchantment and bliss, Geoff has layered
broad stretches of subtle reflection, even some sections of somberness and
introspection, employing some of the most effective use of dynamics that we have
ever heard in ambient music. The compositional strength of this album is simply
staggering.

Indeed, where previously Geoff's music always had a strong sense of romance and
ecstasy, of sheer joy bursting forth and enveloping the listener, with
"Cronosleeps" he focuses much more on contemplation, a perhaps more mature
presentation of not only the happiest of feelings, but all of the emotional
richness that makes us human, even the darker and more intense states of being.
As a result, his work speaks more deeply and with greater authority than ever
before, grabbing the listener firmly by the shoulders and demanding full
attention to the astonishing music being shared. Simply put, this is a
masterpiece, by any measure one can imagine.

We never would have thought it possible for Geoff Nostrant to exceed his
previous work so completely, and yet with "Cronosleeps" such a conclusion is
inescapable. Silvercord is surely one of the greatest ambient artists making
music today, and we at Earth Mantra are exceptionally proud to be able to bring
his music to our listeners. Certainly one of the top albums of 2010, and in our
view, nothing less than music for the ages.

As always, all Earth Mantra releases are available under the Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported license. For commercial use,
please contact us.

---

All music, composed, performed, and recorded by Geoff Nostrant.

Thanks to J. Larivee for the beautiful art work, used with permission. For more
information, please visit:


Released in December 2010.

Released under the "Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0
Unported" license, which allows and encourages free use of this material so long
as certain conditions are met. Details of this license can be found at:
 
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/

---

earman157 - Silvercord - Cronosleeps

71:52 - 180 MB

01 - Delta (20:42, 48.5 MB)
02 - Phi (10:35, 24.8 MB)
03 - Omega (28:09, 65.9 MB)
04 - Infinity (12:26, 29.1 MB)


contact geoff here: geoffnostrant<at>gmail<dot>com