. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.
 
[W4F PRESENTS]: On.Trial.Part1.WS.PDTV.XviD-W4F

 
[RELEASE DATE]: 2011/06/03

 
[AIR DATE....]: 2011/06/02

 
[GENRE.......]: Documentary

 
[DESCRIPTION.]:
On Trial is a groundbreaking, five-part documentary series
featuring unprecedented access to major criminal trials in
Australian courts. For the first time cameras have been
granted full access to the Supreme Court of Western
Australian and the District Court of NSW where criminal cases
are dealt with before judge and jury.

The series features a murder trial, a major assault, and a
robbery and assault trial.

On Trial takes viewers behind the scenes as they observe the
emotional and legal journeys of the accused. Each case
provides key insights into often controversial legal processes,
our adversarial legal system, and the day-to-day operation of
our courts.

On Trial charts the stories of both prosecution and defence as
they undertake pre-trial preparations in the tense build-up
before going to court. The series covers the jury selection
process, opening addresses, examination of witnesses,
cross-examination and the summing-up to juries and, if found
guilty, sentencing. As well as charting the legal journey, the
series traces the intimate emotional stories of the characters
through observational coverage outside the court.

Produced by Ian Collie and Michael Cordell, the team
responsible for A Case for the Coroner, DIY Law, and
Suspicious Minds, On Trial is another compelling courtroom
series that provides a rare insight into the criminal justice
system and how people react under pressure.

In episode one, a man is accused of holding a pistol to the
head of another man and threatening to shoot him. Granted
extraordinary access to the trial and both legal teams, this
two-part story follows the defence as they argue that the
accused was actually the victim, not the aggressor.
 
http://www.abc.net.au/tv/geo/documentaries/interactive/ont
rial/

Enjoy this nice new doco series from the ABC.

 
 _ W4F is looking for _
 100mbit+ affil sites with archives
 Broadcast/Network/PPV Cappers with PDTV/HDTV Sources (US/UK/AU)
 People with PDTV/HDTV sources with an interest in capping
 TV/WWE/MMA DVD Rippers/Suppliers

   Contact us at w4fcrew@gmail.com

   Releasing TV since 2002