NOTE: This download also includes update 1,2,3.


Call of Duty: Black Ops / Activision

RELEASE DATE : 09-11-2010              PROTECTION : Steam + CEG
GAME TYPE    : Shooter                 DISKS      : 1 DVD


The biggest first-person action series of all time and the
follow-up to last year's blockbuster Call of Duty: Modern
Warfare 2 returns with Call of Duty: Black Ops.

Call of Duty: Black Ops will take you behind enemy lines as a
member of an elite special forces unit engaging in covert
warfare, classified operations, and explosive conflicts across
the globe. With access to exclusive weaponry and equipment,
your actions will tip the balance during the most dangerous
time period mankind has ever known.

Cinematic Single Player Campaign: An epic campaign and story
that takes you to a variety of locations and conflicts all
over the world where you will play as an elite Black Ops
soldier in deniable operations where if you are caught,
captured or killed, your country will disavow all knowledge of
your existence.

Signature Multiplayer: Call of Duty's signature multiplayer
gameplay returns with new perks and killstreaks, deeper levels
of character and weapon customization, and all new modes
including:

Wager Matches: One in the Chamber, Gun Game, Sticks and
Stones, Sharpshooter

Theater Mode: View, record, and edit your favorite moments
from multiplayer, and share with your friends

Combat Training: Test your skill solo or Co-Op with friends
against AI enemy players

Zombies!: Fan favorite Zombie mode is back providing endless
hours of Zombie-slaying entertainment, solo or Co-Op

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Copy the cracked content from the SKIDROW folder on the DVD
to the main installation folder and overwrite
5. Play the game
