--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
           SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS       444444444                 AAA                  
         SS:::::::::::::::S     4::::::::4                A:::A                 
        S:::::SSSSSS::::::S    4:::::::::4               A:::::A                
        S:::::S     SSSSSSS   4::::44::::4              A:::::::A               
        S:::::S              4::::4 4::::4             A:::::::::A              
        S:::::S             4::::4  4::::4            A:::::A:::::A             
         S::::SSSS         4::::4   4::::4           A:::::A A:::::A            
          SS::::::SSSSS   4::::444444::::444        A:::::A   A:::::A           
            SSS::::::::SS 4::::::::::::::::4       A:::::A     A:::::A          
               SSSSSS::::S4444444444:::::444      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A         
                    S:::::S         4::::4       A:::::::::::::::::::::A        
                    S:::::S         4::::4      A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A       
        SSSSSSS     S:::::S         4::::4     A:::::A             A:::::A      
        S::::::SSSSSS:::::S       44::::::44  A:::::A               A:::::A     
        S:::::::::::::::SS        4::::::::4 A:::::A                 A:::::A    
         SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS          4444444444AAAAAAA                   AAAAAAA   
                                                                                
                                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

  Tonec.Inc.Internet.Download.Manager.v6.07.14.WinALL.Incl.Keygen.and.Patch-BRD  

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

i'm the black rider, always faster than you...

jer^dfs

Tonec.Inc.Internet.Download.Manager.v6.07.14.WinALL.Incl.Keygen.and.Patch-BRD

Cracked by...: BRD Cult              Size.....: 1
Suplied......: BRD Cult              Date.....: 10/29/2011
Packaged.....: BRD Cult              Type.....: Keygen & Patch
Protection...: Serial                Os.......: WinALL

DESCRiPTiON

Internet Download Manager (IDM) is a tool to increase
download speeds by up to 5 times, resume and schedule
downloads. Comprehensive error recovery and resume capability
will restart broken or interrupted downloads due to lost
connections, network problems, computer shutdowns, or
unexpected power outages. Simple graphic user interface makes
IDM user friendly and easy to use.Internet Download Manager
has a smart download logic accelerator that features
intelligent dynamic file segmentation and safe multipart
downloading technology to accelerate your downloads. Unlike
other download managers and accelerators Internet Download
Manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download
process and reuses available connections without additional
connect and login stages to achieve best acceleration
performance.

Internet Download Manager supports proxy servers, ftp and
http protocols, firewalls, redirects, cookies, authorization,
MP3 audio and MPEG video content processing. IDM integrates
seamlessly into Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape, MSN
Explorer, AOL, Opera, Mozilla, Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla
Firebird, Avant Browser, MyIE2, and all other popular
browsers to automatically handle your downloads. You can also
drag and drop files, or use Internet Download Manager from
command line. Internet Download Manager can dial your modem
at the set time, download the files you want, then hang up or
even shut down your computer when it's done.

Other features include multilingual support, zip preview,
download categories, scheduler pro, sounds on different
events, HTTPS support, queue processor, html help and
tutorial, enhanced virus protection on download completion,
progressive downloading with quotas (useful for connections
that use some kind of fair access policy or FAP like
Direcway, Direct PC, Hughes, etc.), built-in download
accelerator, and many others.

Version 6.07 adds IDM download panel for web-players that can
be used to download flash videos from sites like YouTube,
MySpaceTV, and Google Videos. It also features complete
Windows 7 and Vista support, YouTube grabber, redeveloped
scheduler, and MMS protocol support. The new version also
adds improved integration for IE and IE based browsers,
redesigned and enhanced download engine, the unique advanced
integration into all latest browsers, improved toolbar, and a
wealth of other improvements and new features.

URL: http://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/

iNSTALL NOTES

Install program, apply patch and use our keygen.
Enjoy!

GROUP NOTES

Team BRD is not responsible for the bad usage of this product.
This release is for EVALUATION PURPOSES ONLY.
if you like it, u MUST buy it, Software Authors deserve support!.

Remember, this is an INTERNAL SCENE RELEASE, we DONT support
the spread of this rls over web or p2p networks.

The Black Riders Cult is looking for:

&lt;.&gt;  Experienced Crackers, Unpackers and keygenners.
&lt;.&gt;  Software Suppliers.

t h e b r d [at] m a i lr u

jer^dfs

you will never defeat the riddle of the black riders..

Keygen/Keygen.exe:FB1FBFD2
Keygen/Patch.exe:F983FE0E
Setup/idman607.exe:FBDB39AD

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------