Bones.S06E11.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 27.01.2010 

"The Bullet in the Brain"

The city anxiously anticipates the arrival 
of Heather Taffet, more notoriously known 
as "The Gravedigger," for her final appeal 
after being sentenced to death for a 
kidnap-murder and a series of similar 
coldblooded crimes. But when a bullet 
targeted at The Gravedigger is fired from 
a distance and hits her, the Jeffersonian 
team is tasked to piece together the 
sniper's precise location as well as 
identify the suspect and his motives. With 
the help of probing investigator Caroline 
Julian (guest star Belcher), Booth and 
Brennan put together a list of likely 
suspects, but the evidence and the 
remarkable skill needed to pull off the 
crime leads the team to believe that the 
crime was an inside, professional job, 
leaving Brennan's father Max (guest star 
O'Neal) and even Booth as plausible 
suspects. Meanwhile, Sweets attempts to 
put on a brave face after being caught in 
the firestorm just moments following a 
chilly encounter with The Gravedigger.

Enjoy :)