. 
  
http://www.torrentday.com/        :     The Hottest Private Tracker On The Net!!!


To Avoid Fakes, ALWAYS Check That The Torrent Was Added By: TvTeam.


               www . TorrentDay . Com 
(((((((((((((= Enjoy No RAR releases =))))))))))))))))))))

...................................NFO:....................................

.Bones.S06E08.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 03.12.2010 

"The Twisted Bones in the Melted Truck"

Booth and Brennan's next case leads 
them to a crime scene where a human 
carcass has literally melted into the 
dashboard of a charred truck. As the 
team investigates the case, they 
discover a gunshot wound in the victim, 
but learn that neither the fire nor the 
bullet was the cause of the victim's 
death. Additional clues lead them to a 
local high school where the victim's 
wife is a teacher. As a student-teacher 
relationship begins to surface and a 
pattern takes shape in the lab, the 
team is able to track down the murder 
weapon and solve the crime. Meanwhile, 
Sweets resists the temptation of 
allowing his feelings for Daisy to 
interfere with helping her pass a 
government psychological evaluation, 
and Hannah (guest star Winnick) 
attempts to break the ice and warm up 
to Booth's son Parker.

Enjoy :)