                    #         ######                                        
                      ###      ####  ##                ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;!   
                     ## #   ###    ###              !!i #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED~;  
             #     ##   ####      ###       ###### !;L  #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
            # ######               #####      ##   ;!i; #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
           #                                ##    !;!i; #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
     #######                       #       ###    !;1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
      #  ##                 #####   #           ####1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
    ###                           ##########      !###: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
    ##        #                              #####!;1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED 1  
      ##### ###                         ####  #####;1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
         ######      #                      ###  ###1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !  
         ##          #####                     ####;1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED +; 
    ###              #######                 #### !;1?:#OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #O ~
   ##                 ########               ### ##;1?:WNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED
    ##          ###   #########              ##   !;1?: #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OW
      ####      #          ########        ##     !;1?:NED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED 
          #     #                ######  ##       !;1?:#OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWN
           #    ##               #########        !;1?:ED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #
          ##   #####                  ##          !;1?:OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNE
        ######      ##               ##           !;1?:D #OWNED #OW!~NED #OWNED 
      ##               ##           ##            !L1?~#OWNED #OWN! !D #OWNED #O
     ##  #####            ####   ####                      WNED #!  !+NED #OWNED
    ##        ####################             #########        #!   ! WNED #OWN
   ##   ####         ###                #####          ######        !+ED #OWNED
  ##          ####    ##           ###         !!!;Li        ###      1  #OWNED 
 #############    ######       ###:::::::~::::::~~~~~  #~?1     ###    111111iiO
##                   ##    !##~WNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED ~?;     ###        !L+#
##     ################  ##;!1 :OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED  ?;     ##      L+ #O
#####               ## ## !;!1? ~WNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #O  ;         L+WNED 
##        ######   ####    !;!i?+:~#OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED +        !;#OWNED
 #              #  ##       !;L1i +;  #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OW ;        !1 NED #
 #   #          ###          !!;!1? +~OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWN !   L L   ;;ED #O
  #  ###  ####   ####          !!L!i?+;~WNED #OWNED #OWNED #O~L !!;WN  L  1 ED #
  #############   #####          !;L1i +:~OWNED #OWNED #OWNED !!: #OWNED+L;: #OW
   ##### ######        ##         !!;!1? ; NED #OWNED #OWNED  : #OWNED #O ++WNED
   ##  ##          #######          !;L1? ; #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #
 ##   #####      ############         !L1?+ OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #O
##    ##     ###            ##         !!i :WNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OWNED #OW
 #  ######           ########          !L1i  NED #OWNED #O :;;::~~WNED #OWNED #O
     #######         #####              ;L1?+:WNED #OWNED  ?ii?? +;   #OWNED #OW
                                        !;L1? +:NED #OWNE+!LLLL!i? +: D #OWNED #
                                         !;L!i? +;~OWNE +L!!!!!;L!1? ;~D #OWNED 
                                           !;L!1i?  ;::?;!!     !;L!i ; #OWNED #
                                             !;;L!1ii1!;!         !L!i ;OWNED #O
                                                !;;LL;;!           !L1? ~WNED #O
                                                
################################################################################
#### #ANTISEC #### #CHINGALAMIGRA COMMUNUQUE 4 #### #TEXASTAKEDOWNTHURSDAY #####
################################################################################
      _  _                   __  .__                      
   __| || |__ _____    _____/  |_|__| ______ ____   ____        #antisec
   \   __   / \__  \  /    \   __\  |/  ___// __ \_/ ___\       #anonymous
    |  ||  |   / __ \|   |  \  | |  |\___ \\  ___/\  \___       #freeanons
   /_  ~~  _\ (____  /___|  /__| |__/____  |\___ \ \___  |      #freetopiary
     |_||_|        \/     \/             \/     \/     \/       #chingalamigra

################################################################################
# ANTISEC MESSES WITH TEXAS, ATTACKS DOZENS OF POLICE SYSTEMS AND CHIEF EMAILS #
################################################################################

Greetings professional hypocrites in law enforcement!

Having a slow day behind the desk, filing papers, staring at your colleague's
fine posterior? What have you been up to since our last visit? Don't answer
that. We already know.

Lewd jokes? Check. Racist chain mails? Check. You lost your radio license? Lulz.
Playing on the fears of voters? Check. But we already figured that. Our friends,
allies, and vessels are threatened with 10+ years in prison. Yet terrorists like
Luis Posada Carilles go free. This hypocritical and paranoid reaction puts us
and the citizens you are supposed to protect in the same boat. You call us a
national security risk. Yet BATFE guns go directly to drug dealers so they can
take out rivals who don't launder money through backrooms of dominant banks. Any
press can check court documents from operations like 'Fast and Furious'. Who
came up with that one? What you didn't see 'From Dusk 'til Dawn'? Better title.
Be more creative next time.

In retaliation for the arrests of dozens of alleged Anonymous suspects, we
opened fire on dozens of Texas police departments and stole boatloads of
classified police documents and police chief emails across the state. During the
San Jose courtdate we defaced and gave out live backdoor and admin access to the
website TexasPoliceChiefs.org while allied ships launched ddos attacks upon
Justice.gov and other law enforcement websites. For every defendant in the
anonymous "conspiracy" we are attacking two top Texas police chiefs, leaking 3GB
of their private emails and attachments. Mind you, we don't expect a sane
response. Even a few insults would have been better than the way you cowards
hide behind protocol, innuendo, and your badge. 

For more than a month we have been lurking their emails, law enforcement
portals, and records and reporting systems. We leaked a few teasers including
access to fbivirtualacademy.edu, several classified documents, voicemail
recordings, live passwords, and even some dirty pictures. To continue the 
fighting spirit of WikiLeaks, we want to share the full Texas collection and
expose these bumbling fools and all their secrets to the world.

Thousands of documents are available on tor hidden services / bittorrent and
include several dozen FBI, Border Patrol, and counter-terrorism documents
classified as "law enforcement sensitive" and "for official use only". The
emails also included police records, internal affairs investigations, meeting
notes, training materials, officer rosters, security audits, and live password
information to government systems. The private chief emails also included
several racist and sexist chain email forwards and personal details sure to
embarrass, discredit, and incriminate several of these so-called "community
leaders".

We are attacking Texas law enforcement as part of "Chinga La Migra" as they
continue to harass immigrants and use border patrol operations as a cover for
their backwards racist prejudice. The notoriously racist police state of Texas
recently passed SB 9 and "Secure Comminities" anti-immigration laws. Texas is
well known and hated for being full of Minutemen, Tea Party and KKK groups,
murdering the most amount of innocent people on death row, and giving us the
Bush and Cheney administration. Two months ago on the 1st we attacked the
Arizona DPS and defaced several Fraternal Order of Police websites. One month
ago we "Shot The Sheriff" and released 10GB of private law enforcement data
while defacing dozens of police department websites in several states in the
south. A week ago we released private emails belonging to Richard T. Garcia, VP
of Texas-based Vanguard Defense Industries, and also a former FBI agent and
current Infragard executive board member.

We are doing this in solidarity with the "Anonymous 16" PayPal LOIC defendants,
accused LulzSec member Jake Davis "Topiary", protesters arrested during #OpBart
actions, Bradley Manning, Stephen Watt, and other hackers and leakers worldwide.
We also call for the release of Leonard Peltier, Mumia Abu Jamal, Oscar Lopez
Rivera, Troy Davis, the Angola 3, and all others behind bars standing up to
state repression. While many of our comrades facing charges and in prison are
innocent, there is no such thing as an innocent police officer, and we will
continue to directly attack the prison industrial complex by leaking their
private data, destroying their systems, and defacing their websites.

We might have respect for these officers if they understood their job and whom
they serve. But unlike some that left the force decades ago and rumors abound
that they may have joined our ranks, these officers hide behind their badge and
use policies to ignore their great responsibility. These officers betrayed the
trust citizens have in them by choosing be drones of the system rather than
protectors of freedom and the peace of their communities. From the lowest prison
guard to the mightiest chief, we will continue to attack the cogs of the
police state that protects the interests of the rich and powerful.

Hackers all over the world are uniting to make 2011 the year of hacks and
revolutions. Join us, comrades: open fire on governments, law enforcement
organizations, white hat, corporate and military targets!

################################################################################

  [*[ THE DEFACEMENT!!
      Mirrored at http://zone-h.org/mirror/id/14841451

  [*] THE FILES!!
      http://vv7pabmmyr2vnflf.onion/tx/               &lt;- on tor
      http://vv7pabmmyr2vnflf.tor2web.org/tx/         &lt;- not on tor
      
  [*] THE TORRENT!!
      http://wikisend.com/download/269976/texsastakedownthursday.torrent
      
  [*] DONATE BITCOINS!!
      18NHixaoQekQJ3y52aBGJJwgBWX9X3myYR
