.

SORRY! I screwed up that last one but TPB refuses to delete it.
________________________________________________________________________________

I don't remember when or how I first came across LeisureTown.com but I do know
that it was before the site stopped updating. It's still online with a page that
shows that it ran from 1996 to 2003. Recently I decided to archive the whole
website in case it disappears someday without notice. I've incorporated the
'obituary' page into this collection as the first frame of "Features\A Comedy
Crisis". Similarly, there's no online store anymore so I incorporated that
notice as the last frame of "Features\Yay For Me".

Everything here is presented at the original resolution offered on the website.
The Flipbooks are strange; they're only 200 pixels wide and they show a lot of
artifacts when they're blown up to fit to width. At first I thought they had to
be thumbnails of some sort but apparently not. If there are larger versions
available I can't find them.

I did some minor touching up such as correcting one typo, adding "The End" to
bits that didn't already say it, and fabricating title graphics for bits that
didn't have one. Other than that I pretty much left everything alone.  Not
totally, but pretty much.

This collection isn't really X-rated but it isn't for holier-than-the-rest-of-us
religious nuts who think we'll burn in hell for masturbating, either. Speaking
of masturbating, the first part of this collection I discovered all those years
ago was American Masturbator. It still cracks me up. It's under the Features
directory in case you want to start at the same place I did but wherever you
start, I think you'll have fun... as long as you don't mind dick jokes, bubbling
bongs, and a tiny little bit of gory splatter violence.

x30001wtm

