Source..............[ Blu-Ray 50GB [DDR]   ]
Ripper..............[ -=KaMaL=- [DDR]      ]
Runtime.............[ 02:20:00             ]
Resolution..........[ 1920 x 816           ]
Framerate......... .[ 24.000 FPS           ]
Size.............. .[ 7.95 GB              ]
                                            
Bitrate........... .[ 6700 Kbps            ]
Container......... .[ .mkv                 ]
Video Codec....... .[ x264                 ]
Aspect Ratio...... .[ 2.35:1               ]
                                            
Audio Info..........[ 1. 1536 Kbps DTS 5.1 ]
                                            
Audio Language......[ 1. Hindi             ]
                                            
Subtitles...........[ English,Arabic.      ]
                                            
                                            
         !..The Exclusive Encode..!         
                                            
                 Enjoy   !!!                

Cast :  Parineeta Chopra      Dippanita Sharma
        Aditi Sharma          Ranveer Singh   
        Anushka Sharma        Shireesh Sharma 
                                              
                                              
                                              
      Director    :    Maneesh Sharma         
      Writer      :    Devika Bhagat          
                       Aditya Chopra          
                                              
      Genre       :    Comedy                 
                                              
                                              
Ladies Vs Ricky Bahl movie is a fun-filled    
rom-com where a smooth and charming conman,   
Ricky Bahl, cons girls for a living but       
finally meets his match.Dimple Chaddha , a    
brash 19 year old Delhi college girl falls    
in love with Sunny Singh, a fitness trainer.  
Raina Parulekar , a 28 year old independent   
and successful corporate woman in Mumbai does 
business with an art dealer Deven Shah.       
Saira Rashid , a 24 year old sweet, hard      
working widow in Lucknow makes a new friend,  
the shy Iqbal Khan.Three very different girls 
who each get taken for a lot of money by each 
of these three men. The problem is that it is 
actually just one man - Ricky Bahl who got the
looks and he's got the charm. He could have   
the pick of the ladies. But love isn't Ricky's
priority - money is!But a chance encounter    
                                              
                                              
  IMDB Link :                                 
                                              
      http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1954598/    
                                              

 
http://upload-novalayer.com/at3o1bq3awhc.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/hnu2lr7zbk37.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/xeta3kl6skv1.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/92bp4emv96fa.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/h560kkrdbc79.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/iblbdnj12v1c.html
 
http://upload-novalayer.com/fiptyhrb0wle.html