S K i D R O W

T H E  L E A D i N G  F O R C E 

proudly presents

Majesty 2: Monster Kingdom / Paradox Interactive

RELEASE DATE: 07-12-2010 PROTECTION: Nothing
GAME TYPE: Strategy DISKS: 1 DVD

Release Notes:

The Skid Rowdies are looking new blood to fill up the ranks
We're a professional team of dedicated sceners with big mark
under sceners. We believe on the ground idealism of the root
of the real old school scene. We do all this for fun and
nothing else. We don't earn anything on our hobby, as we do
this for the competition and the heart of what got the scene
started in the mid eighties

If you think you got something to offer, then don't hold back
on contacting us as soon as possible

twice the fun \/ double the trouble


On with the game release information:

The King would imagine that Ardania belongs to him alone, and
his advisor supports him in this ignorance, forgetting that
there are two sides to every coin. As mentioned in the ancient
scriptures of Murphius: "Try as you might to do something that
everybody likes, there is always someone who does not." Soon
the hard truth of these words will reveal itself to the Great
King in full

And what will he do, and where will he go, should everyone
turn against him? Well, not his loyal Advisor, of course, but
all those petty nobles and the Conclave. It will be a
difficult challenge to maintain the righteous command
Determination will be his greatest weapon, and sacrifices will
have to be made. But just how far is the King ready to go in
this dire situation?

And the situation is dire indeed. The High Priests have stolen
the Crown of Ardania, to summon the Spirit of the Kings and
proclaim it the righteous ruler. Your Majesty, you who so
bravely defeated Barlog, have lost your throne, and must now
fight to reclaim it. The Nobles support the Conclave, and your
only hope is to find new allies, those who no one, even you
would ever expect to be join you. Once again you must heed the
wisdom of your Advisor, in hopes that with his guidance you
may bring peace back to Ardania

New "Exiles of Fate" campaign, which features 10 new missions

New monster race avaible in multiplayer mode

Monster kingdom with a full set of new buildings, heroes and
citizens

Install Notes:

1. Unpack release
2. Mount image or burn it
3. Install
4. Play the game

This expansion require Majesty 2: The Fantasy Kingdom Sim
installed to play!

Support the companies, which software you actually enjoy!

Greetings:

Salutes to our old Amiga friends from:

FAIRLIGHT - RAZOR 1911 - VISION FACTORY - PARADOX - QUARTEX
DCS - CRYSTAL - ZENITH - ACCESSION - ALPHA FLIGHT - PRODIGY
THE COMPANY - LEGEND - TRSI - ORACLE - ANTHROX - CLASSIC

Salutes to our new friends in:

UNLEASHED - TiNYiSO - BReWErS - RADIKAL - POSTMORTEM - SHOCK
FAIRLIGHT - CRUDE - VACE - ReUnion - OUTLAWS - GENESIS