-
http:// www . Speed .Cd
http:// www . Speed .Cd       the fast  and The Hottest Private Tracker on the net

Please Seed back to make the speed Faster!!!

and don't forget to visit .......www . Speed .Cd  ......


 ............ NFO .............
-House.S07E18.720p.HDTV.X264-DIMENSION
Aired 11.04.2011

"The Dig"

Thirteen has been in prison for the 
past six months, but the real mystery 
for House is what she did to get 
there. When she exits the prison, 
Thirteen is surprised to find him 
waiting for her, and unaware of his 
plans for the two of them for the 
next few days. As House probes 
Thirteen for more information, intent 
on solving the puzzle of her 
disappearance and mysterious 
incarceration, they travel to an 
annual spud-gun competition. The two 
join forces to compete against 
House's much younger, overconfident 
rival, and along the journey uncover 
secrets and truths about each other. 
Meanwhile, at the hospital, the team 
treats a science teacher suffering 
from severe respiratory illness, and 
when the team inspects the patient's 
house for clues, they learn he's a 
hoarder. But upon a second visit to 
the house, they uncover something 
shocking among the many piles. Also, 
Taub tries to get back into the 
dating scene.

Enjoy :)
madcow at hushmail dot com