--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                
           SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS       444444444                 AAA                  
         SS:::::::::::::::S     4::::::::4                A:::A                 
        S:::::SSSSSS::::::S    4:::::::::4               A:::::A                
        S:::::S     SSSSSSS   4::::44::::4              A:::::::A               
        S:::::S              4::::4 4::::4             A:::::::::A              
        S:::::S             4::::4  4::::4            A:::::A:::::A             
         S::::SSSS         4::::4   4::::4           A:::::A A:::::A            
          SS::::::SSSSS   4::::444444::::444        A:::::A   A:::::A           
            SSS::::::::SS 4::::::::::::::::4       A:::::A     A:::::A          
               SSSSSS::::S4444444444:::::444      A:::::AAAAAAAAA:::::A         
                    S:::::S         4::::4       A:::::::::::::::::::::A        
                    S:::::S         4::::4      A:::::AAAAAAAAAAAAA:::::A       
        SSSSSSS     S:::::S         4::::4     A:::::A             A:::::A      
        S::::::SSSSSS:::::S       44::::::44  A:::::A               A:::::A     
        S:::::::::::::::SS        4::::::::4 A:::::A                 A:::::A    
         SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS          4444444444AAAAAAA                   AAAAAAA   
                                                                                
                                                                                
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                 Smart PC Solutions Smart Data Recovery v4 4-CRD                 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

REAL LEGENDS NEVER DIE!

CRUDE.1o

<___Z>

C.R.U.D.E
P.R.O.U.D.L.Y   P.R.E.S.E.N.T.S

Smart PC Solutions Smart Data Recovery v4.4

RLS.DATE.........2011/03/22
RLS.SIZE..........01x5.00MB

RLS.TYPE.............Keygen
PROTECTION...........Serial

PLATFORM.............WinAll

* RELEASE NOTES *

Recovering data lost due to system
malfunction or user error requires
hours of work preceded by hours of
research from unsuspecting victims.
Educate yourself about possible ways
to recover data from damaged disks
and corrupted flash memory cards
before the failure happens.

While there is no lack of data
recovery tools on the market,
downloading and trying one after
another is the worst idea ever. A
badly executed unsuccessful attempt
to recover lost files can and does
cause irreparable damage to corrupted
data.

How would you choose the right data
recovery tool to do the job? There
are several criteria to data recovery
software that you should be aware of.
First, there are tools designed to
recover your files and data, such as
Office documents, archives, pictures
and other stuff, and there are tools
that repair the damaged disk
structures such as the file system
(FAT or NTFS), MBR and partition
table. Note that the second class of
recovery tools cares little about
what happens to your data, often
messing up with your files while
repairing the damaged system structures.

Second, if you are new to data
recovery, you need a tool that is as
easy to use as possible. You don't
want data recovery tools advertised
as 'professional', as only the real
professionals can benefit from using
those. Let us be honest: you're more
likely to screw things up with these
tools as they deliberately lack any
protection against possibly
disruptive actions on your side.

Third, get only those tools that can
demonstrate their ability to recover
data instead of taking their word on it.

Smart Data Recovery by Smart PC
Solutions is a perfect solution for
rush data recovery. If you have no
specialized experience in data
recovery, but need your data back
right away with no risk, Smart Data
Recovery is an ideal tool for you.

Fixing your files and recovering your
data, Smart Data Recovery is designed
as a fully fool-proof solution. A
simple step-by-step wizard guides you
through the recovery process, asking
you questions that are easy to
understand and to answer, such as
asking you to pick a disk that
contains files to recover. To make
things run even smoother, Smart Data
Recovery has a U3/USB edition that
runs from a flash memory card,
minimizing unnecessary writes to the
damaged disk.

Smart Data Recovery can often recover
files even if your disk has been
reformatted (on FAT formatted disks).
Smart Data Recovery can recover data
from disks formatted with all
versions of FAT or NTFS. The
pre-recovery preview demonstrates you
exactly what the recovered file will
look like, making you sure that the
recovery is actually possible. Don't
take our word on it!

URL: http://www.smartpctools.com

* iNSTALL NOTES *

1.) Unpack and install
2.) Use our keygen to register
3.) Enjoy!

If you can't understand how to install
or use this then please don't waste our
or anyone else time whining about bad
installation instructions.

Instead of blaming us for delivering
poor package try to read developer's
FAQ or program's manual.

* C O N T A C T *

CRUDE IS A CLOSED GROUP
SO WE DO NOT ACCEPT ANY
KIND OF NEW MEMBERS

OUR RESPECT AND GREETS GOES TO:

BEAN . DVT . EMBRACE . FLT . HERiTAGE

HOODLUM . Lz0 . OUTLAWS . PARADOX

SKIDROW . UNLEASHED . VACE

AND TO ALL OUR FRIENDS IN THE SCENE

YOU KNOW WHO YOU ARE :P

* aScii by ___Z <DFS> *

Direct From Stars

17.o9.1o

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------