MySQL Enterprise Monitor
----------------------------------------------------------------------
Version 2.3.3                                               2011-02-28
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Welcome to the MySQL Enterprise Monitor.  This README file contains
the following sections:

    GETTING STARTED
    CHANGES SINCE LAST RELEASE
    UPGRADE NOTES
    KNOWN ISSUES
    REPORTING ISSUES & FEEDBACK

IMPORTANT: For late-breaking news, check the README file on the MySQL
Enterprise Monitor website download page.

For more information about the MySQL Enterprise Monitor, refer to 
http://www.mysql.com/products/enterprise/monitor.html.

We really want to hear your feedback!  Please see the section at the
end on how to report bugs and other feedback.
---

GETTING STARTED

Please take special note of the following:

1) For more information on installation and setup, see the online
   help: http://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-monitor/2.3/en/index.html.
   In a nutshell:

   o Download and install a Service Manager
   o Open the Enterprise Dashboard in your browser and go through the
     first-time setup screen that appears
   o Download and install an Agent on each machine to be monitored
   o To use the new MySQL Query Analyzer:
     - Download, install, and configure a Connector plugin; or
     - Point your application at the Agent/Proxy (port 6446 by default
       unless you change it in the Agent installer) instead of
       directly at your MySQL server

2) Our installers configure Tomcat and MySQL in a standard way across
   all platforms.  Consult the various Configuration sections of the
   online documentation for tips on how to configure these components
   for optimal performance based on the specific attributes of your
   system (CPU, RAM, disk, and operating system).  Customizing these
   settings for your system and load can make a dramatic difference to
   the Monitor's performance.

3) Consult the Troubleshooting sections of the online documentation if
   any of these occur:
   
   a) you have trouble starting your agent;
   b) the agent starts but doesn't show up in the MySQL Enterprise
      Dashboard;
   c) you're using the Query Analyzer but no results are shown on the
      Query Analyzer tab and you've already waited 5 minutes or more
      for the query data to populate.

Contact Support at https://support.oracle.com/ if you continue to have
problems.

If you are upgrading from a previous version, see the UPGRADE NOTES
below.

Note that the source code for the LGPL components used in the Service
Manager can be found in the licenses/lpgl directory.
---

CHANGES SINCE LAST RELEASE

New features in this release include:

  o Oracle branding:
    - Removed "time bomb" (no more license keys or subscription
      expiration)
    - Query Analyzer, Replication monitoring and all rules and graphs
      now available to all users
    - Integration with My Oracle Support (see your open Oracle Service
      Requests for MySQL issues)
  o New Advisors and Graphs:
    - MySQL Cluster
    - InnoDB Plugin
    - Network and Disk IO, disk space
  o New Aggregator accepts Query Analyzer data from any source
  o A new option (forceRestart) has been added to the Service Manager
    upgrade installer (unattended mode) so the user can force the
	restart of the MySQL server even if changes are detected between
	the old my.cnf/my.ini file (which will be used after upgrade
	because it may contain customer-specific changes) and the newly
	recommended default my.cnf/my.ini file.

We hope you'll try it out and give us your feedback.  However, in
order to take advantage of some of these features you must route your
queries through the Agent's proxy port (6446 by default) instead of
directly to your MySQL server, or use one of the new Connector
Plugins.  See the "Query Analyzer" chapter in the documentation for
more information.

Please see the "MySQL Enterprise Monitor Change History" appendix
in the documentation or online help for a complete list of changes,
including functionality added or changed as well as bugs fixed.
---

UPGRADE NOTES

If you have previously installed the MySQL Enterprise Monitor on your
system, you may use one of our upgrade installers. Please note:

o The MySQL Proxy, which enables the Query Analyzer, now has an
  officially registered port number: 6446 (see
  http://www.iana.org/assignments/port-numbers for details). The Agent
  installers now default to Port 6446 instead of 4040.

  If you are installing the Query Analyzer for the first time, this
  port change is completely transparent and will have no impact on
  you.

  However, if you have previously deployed the Query Analyzer and use
  our upgrade installer to upgrade your Agents, they will preserve the
  old value (i.e. either the old default of 4040 or whatever you
  specified during the original installation).  If you subsequently
  install new agents, in addition to upgrading existing ones, you may
  get in a situation where some agents use port 4040 for the Query
  Analyzer (the upgraded ones) and some use port 6446 (the newly
  installed ones, unless you change the default recommended during
  installation).  You can easily correct the situation by editing the
  proxy-address parameter in the agent configuration file: <install-
  dir> /etc/mysql-monitor-agent.ini.  In this case, you must restart
  the agent for the change to take effect.

o If you are upgrading from our previous 1.3 release, the new 2.3
  Service Manager requires the new Agent; make sure to upgrade all
  your Agents as well (upgrade installers are provided).

o If you are upgrading from our previous 1.3.x release, note that the
  Agent upgrade installer will delete the old items-mysql-network.xml
  file.  If you have manually edited this file to customize any of its
  data collection definitions, you should backup the file before
  running the Agent upgrade installer so you can restore those
  customizations after the upgrade installation is done.

o If you are upgrading from a previous 2.x release, the new 2.3
  Service Manager does not require the new Agent.  However, we
  strongly recommend that you upgrade all your Agents to the latest
  version in order to get the most recent features, bug, and
  performance fixes.

o WARNING: Only use the upgrade installers to upgrade a previous
  1.3.x or 2.x release.  Do NOT use the upgrade installers to upgrade
  from any release before 1.3.  To upgrade from an earlier release,
  you must first upgrade to release 1.3.

o Please note the following with respect to migrating Monitor data
  from our previous 1.3 releases (these notes do not apply to
  upgrading from a 2.x release because 2.3 uses the same database
  as those to store its data, so no migration is needed):

  - After installation the Service Manager will migrate all your basic
    administrative data (e.g. users, notification groups, etc).

  - When an agent connects to the Service Manager to register the
    MySQL server it's monitoring, the Service Manager will
    automatically migrate existing schedules & events for that server.

  - Migration of historic data (e.g. CPU usage data, MySQL status
    counter data, and so forth) does not happen automatically for data
    previously stored in a 1.3.x repository; it must be manually
    enabled on the Manager Servers page.

o The Service Manager upgrade installer optionally creates a backup of
  your previous installation binaries and monitoring data.  WARNING:
  the repository can be *very* large; if you have an efficient backup
  tool, you may prefer to use it instead and then answer "no" when
  the upgrade installer asks you whether to backup the data
  repository.

o Note that the format and location of the file used to define custom
  data collection definitions has changed.  As of our 2.0, release see
  the new version in <install-dir>/share/mysql-proxy/items/items-
  mysql-monitor.xml for the new location and format.  As of our 2.1
  release we have added an extra file, <install-dir>/share/mysql-
  proxy/items/custom.xml, where you can put any custom definitions you
  create in addition to the ones we deliver with the Agent.  This file
  will be preserved as-is on upgrade, whereas items-mysql-monitor.xml
  will be overwritten.  If you have any questions about how to
  recreate your customized data collection definitions, contact MySQL
  Support.
---

KNOWN ISSUES

In order for replication topologies to be properly discovered, each
agent must be running on the same machine as the MySQL server it is
monitoring (i.e. it cannot be monitoring the server remotely).

Several replication *groups* installed on the same physical machine
that use "localhost" to identify the master host will confuse
replication topology discovery and result in incorrect groupings.
Question: Is this a common or uncommon setup?

We are still working on the translation of various text into Japanese,
so users selecting that as their language/locale may see some text in
English, or with simple "TODO" reminders.

NOTE: For Connector/NET Users:

      In the "Using the MySQL Enterprise Plugin for Connector/NET"
	  section of the documentation, and in the README that is included
	  with Connector/NET, the following is included in the example for
	  the System.Diagnostics section of your app.config file:

        <system.data>
          <DbProviderFactories>
            <add name="MySQL Data Provider" invariant="MySql.Data.MySqlClient" description=".Net Framework Data Provider for MySQL" type="MySql.Data.MySqlClient.MySqlClientFactory, MySql.Data, Version=6.2.1.0, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=c5687fc88969c44d" />
          </DbProviderFactories>
        </system.data>

     Please note that the system.data section is only needed if you
	 have not installed Connector/NET itself.
---

REPORTING ISSUES & FEEDBACK

To report a problem or get help with an issue, please login to 
https://support.oracle.com/ and create an issue with a "Main problem
area" set to "MySQL Enterprise Tools".  Generally, it's better to
create a separate issue for each problem you're reporting.

We are very interested in any comments or suggestions you can provide.
We are especially interested in any suggestions for new Advisor Rules
or Graphs (or proposed modifications for fine-tuning the ones we
provide).  Feel free to combine a bulleted list or summary of your
evaluation experience into a single issue (see above). We suggest 
you make the Summary field "Feedback."
---

Thanks and Happy Monitoring!

  - The MySQL Enterprise Tools Development Team

Copyright Â© 2010, 2011, Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

This software and related documentation are provided under a license
agreement containing restrictions on use and disclosure and are
protected by intellectual property laws. Except as expressly permitted
in your license agreement or allowed by law, you may not use, copy,
reproduce, translate, broadcast, modify, license, transmit,
distribute, exhibit, perform, publish, or display any part, in any
form, or by any means. Reverse engineering, disassembly, or
decompilation of this software, unless required by law for
interoperability, is prohibited.

If this software or related documentation is delivered to the U.S.
Government or anyone licensing it on behalf of the U.S. Government,
the following notice is applicable:

U.S. GOVERNMENT RIGHTS Programs, software, databases, and related
documentation and technical data delivered to U.S. Government
customers are "commercial computer software" or "commercial technical
data" pursuant to the applicable Federal Acquisition Regulation and
agency-specific supplemental regulations. As such, the use,
duplication, disclosure, modification, and adaptation shall be subject
to the restrictions and license terms set forth in the applicable
Government contract, and, to the extent applicable by the terms of the
Government contract, the additional rights set forth in FAR 52.227-19,
Commercial Computer Software License (December 2007). Oracle USA,
Inc., 500 Oracle Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065.

This software is developed for general use in a variety of information
management applications. It is not developed or intended for use in
any inherently dangerous applications, including applications which
may create a risk of personal injury. If you use this software in
dangerous applications, then you shall be responsible to take all
appropriate fail-safe, backup, redundancy, and other measures to
ensure the safe use of this software. Oracle Corporation and its
affiliates disclaim any liability for any damages caused by use of
this software in dangerous applications.

Oracle is a registered trademark of Oracle Corporation and/or its
affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.

This software and documentation may provide access to or information
on content, products, and services from third parties. Oracle
Corporation and its affiliates are not responsible for and expressly
disclaim all warranties of any kind with respect to third-party
content, products, and services. Oracle Corporation and its affiliates
will not be responsible for any loss, costs, or damages incurred due
to your access to or use of third-party content, products, or
services.
